(1) I remember an interview with Norris about the jokes, he loved them. The interview asked if he was fast enough to run around the earth a punch himself in the back of the head.

"No. I'd hear myself coming."

(2) Chuck Norris can pick up a missed call.

(3) Chuck Norris’ password is the last 9 digits of pi.

(4) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(5) Before he goes to sleep, the boogey man checks under his bed for Chuck Norris.

(6) Chuck Norris actually died 10 years ago. The reaper ist too scared to tell him

(7) Chuck Norris killed 2 stones with 1 bird

(8) When Chuck Norris was born he drove his mother home from the hospital.

(9) Superman wears Chuck Norris pyjamas to bed

(10) When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone, he had two missed calls from Chuck Norris….

(11) Chuck Norris doesn't mow his lawn. He dares it to grow.

(12) Chuck Norris gets 4-wheel drive out of his bicycle

(13) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep.  He waits.

(14) Oedipus’ mother has a Chuck Norris complex.

(15) Chuck Norris can download Hardware

(16) Chuck Norris went to the Virgin Islands. Now they’re just called ‘the Islands’.

(17) When 911 has an emergency, it calls Chuck Norris.

(18) Chuck Norris counted to infinity. Twice. 

When doing push ups, Chuck Norris doesn't push himself up. He pushes earth away from him.

(19) Chuck Norris was in a knife fight. The knife lost.

(20) Chuck Norris can fly, this because gravity is too scared to make him obey her law.

(21) A friend and me googled Chuck Norris in freshman year of highschool once.

I swear, I SWEAR, a blank white page came up, with nothing but text that said "Chuck Norris cannot be googled."

EDIT: Actually, it said this: "*Google can not find Chuck Norris because nobody finds Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris finds YOU.*"

(22) Chuck Norris doesnt dial the wrong number. You answer the wrong phone.

(23) Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet. He scares the shit out of it

(24) Chuck Norris plays the violin with a piano

(25) Chuck Norris knows Victoria’s secret

(26) Chuck Norris's tears can cure cancer. Too bad he's never cried.

(27) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin that he built with his own 2 hands.

(28) You know how giraffes were invented? Chuck Norris uppercut a horse.

(29) Chuck Norris visited the sun and stayed 2 nights

(30) chuck norris can make fire by rubbing together two pieces of ice

(31) Soon after becoming the first man to walk on the moon, Neil Armstrong also received the world's longest touchdown pass from Chuck Norris.

(32) Chuck Norris has a polar bear rug on his floor. It’s actually a live bear but it’s too scared to move …

(33) Chuck Norris once farted in the Sahara forest

(34) Always thought “Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg” was pretty high ranking 😅

(35) There are no jokes about Chuck Norris. It's all true.

(36) When Chuck Norris falls out of a boat, he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norrised.

(37) Chuck Norris completed Pokemon Go. On a land-line.

(38) Chuck Norris expects the Spanish inquisition

(39) It took 9 women 4 years to give birth to Chuck Norris

(40) Chuck Norris’ poker face is so good that he once won the 1988 World Series of Poker despite holding a 9 of spades, a Joker, a green Skip card from the game Uno, a Get Out of Jail Free Monopoly card and a 2 of clubs.

(41) Chuck Norris once broke his Nokia phone.

(42) Guns carry Chuck Norris for protection.

(43) Chuck Norris was shot on Wednesday. They held bullet's funeral on Friday.

(44) Chuck Norris and Superman once agreed to a fight, the loser had to wear their underwear on the outside of their pants.

(45) Chuck Norris can win a game of connect 4 in 3 moves.

(46) I don't know what you guys are on about.

Chuck Norris isn't so tough.

If he was, he'd come to my house and slam my face into the keyboacruckaj2vrmfizjabsmfkhsbqkd

(47) Chuck Norris never won an oscar because he is NOT acting.

(48) Chuck Norris doesn't breathe, he only holds air hostage.

(49) Chuck Norris likes his meat so rare, he only eats Unicorn.

(50) Chuck Norris has a bear skin rug. The bear's not dead, just too afraid to move.

(51) Chick Norris can cut a knife with hot butter.

(52) Chuck Norris can speak Japanese in French

(53) Chuck Norris once arrived twice

(54) Chuck Norris doesn't have hair on his balls...
Because hair can't grow on steel.

(55) Chuck Norris assigns his teachers homework

(56) Chuck Norris can drown fish.

(57) Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter.

(58) Chuck Norris puts braille on his boots so even blind people know what’s coming.

(59) Jesus walks on water. Chuck Norris swims on land

(60) Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.

(61) Chuck Norris made the Happy Meal cry.

(62) Chuck Norris puts the "laughter" in manslaughter.

Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.

Chuck Norris doesn't believe in the periodic table of elements, because the only element he believes in is in the element of surprise.

Chuck Norris only has one hand. The upper hand.

When Bruce Banner gets mad he turns in the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad he turns into Chuck Norris.

(63) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his own father.

(64) The dinosaurs crossed Chuck Norris once.  ONCE.

The day Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone, he already missed two calls from Chuck Norris.

(65) There is no control button on Chuck Norris' computer, because HE is always in control.

Chuck Norris was walking down the street one day and got an erection. There were no survivors.

Charlie Sheen claims to have had sex with over 20,000 women in his lifetime. Chuck Norris called that "A slow Tuesday."

(66) Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
Edited: I removed one unnecessary comma. 🤣

(67) When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesn't turn on the light. He turns off the dark.

(68) Chuck Norris caught Covid-19, Now Covid-19 is in Quarantine for two weeks

(69) There is no Theory of Evolution. There is only a list of organisms that Chuck Norris allows to exist.

When Chuck Norris left for college, he told his father "you're the man of the house now"

When God said "Let there be light", Chuck Norris replied "Say please"

Jesus could walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim through land.

And ofc, [the classic...](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/bc/db/10/bcdb106836f23d487cfb738709b72c5a--chuck-norris-memes-rock-paper-scissors.jpg)

(70) Chuck Norris uses a stunt double. For crying scenes.

(71) Chuck Norris doesn't teabag the ladies...he potato sacks them.

Every night before bed, the Boogeyman checks his closet for Chuck Norris.

Chuck Norris has to sleep with a nightlight. Not because he's afraid of the dark, but because the dark is afraid of him.

How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? All of it.

Chuck Norris counted to infinity, twice.

Chuck Norris can speak braille.

When Chuck Norris works out, he doesn't do a push up, he pushes the earth down.

Superman has a pair of Chuck Norris jammies.

(72) Chuck Norris doesn’t wear condoms. There’s no such thing as protection from Chuck Norris.

(73) (From early 2020)

Chuck Norris has been exposed to COVID-19. The virus will now remain in quarantine for 14 days.

(74) Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.

(75) Chuck Norris doesn't go hunting. The word "hunting" implies the possibility of failure. Chuck Norris goes killing.

Chuck Norris once bowled a perfect 300. Without a ball. In fact he wasn't even in a bowling alley.

Chuck Norris had a paper route as a kid. There were no survivors.

(76) When Chuck Norris tells a joke about Will Smith's wife, Will Smith slaps himself....

(77) Chuck Norris’s dick has an elbow

(78) Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone

(79) Chuck Norris filmed the invention of a camera

(80) Chuck norris narrates Morgan Freeman's life.

(81) "Chuck Norris once discovered a rock so heavy, that even he, Chuck Norris, could not lift it. Then he lifted it anyway just to show everyone who the fuck Chuck Norris is."

(82) Chuck Norris can dribble a bowling ball, wheelie a unicycle, and stand faster than usain bolt can run. He once had a heart attack and his heart lost.

(83) Chuck Norris can’t go to hell. The devil still has restraining order against him

(84) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.

(85) Chuck Norris is said to be so fast he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head

(86) Chuck Norris went back in time to stop the Kennedy assination Chuck stopped all three bullets with his beard. Kennedy's head exploded out of shear amazement.

(87) Chuck Norris once got an erection while walking down a busy street. There were no survivors.

(88) Chuck Norris' itches scratch themselves

(I came up with this one and post it every time I get the chance)

(89) Chuck Norris is the only person to ever punch a man in the back of his face.

(90) Chuck Norris can get Chick-fil-A on Sundays

(91) In a fight between Batman and Darth Vader; Chuck Norris would win.

Also partial to

Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(92) Jesus can walk on water but chuck Norris can swim through land

(93) The toilet clogs when Chuck Norris pisses

(94) Trying to cash in on Chuck Norris’ popularity, a company tried to merchandise a Chuck Norris kiddie toilet training seat, but it failed miserably because Chuck Norris doesn’t take shit from anyone.

(95) When chuck Norris works out, the weights get stronger.

(96) Hurricanes have an evacuation plan in the event of Chuck Norris.

(97) Chuck Norris uses pepper spray to spice up his steak.

(98) Chuck Norris always has sex on top because Chuck Norris never fucks up.

(99) There’s no such thing as tornadoes, Chuck Norris just really hates trailer parks. 

(updatable for Ian and Florida if you want to be topical!)

(100) Chuck Norris once destroyed the Periodic Table of Elements, because he only believes in the Element of Surprise.

(101) Chuck Norris once had sex with an entire convent of nuns. 9 months later they gave birth to the 1972 Miami dolphins, the only undefeated team in NFL history

(102) Once a street was named after Chuck Norris, but was renamed hours later because Chuck Norris kept beating up people trying to cross the street. When asked about it, he just replied "Noone crosses Chuck Norris."  


Once a rumour spread that Chuck Norris had been beaten up by a pirate. This rumour was started by Chuck Norris himself to lure more pirates in.  


Once Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at Burger King and got it.  


Chuck Norris can operate a coal grill underwater.  


When Chuck Norris goes into the water, he doesn't get wet. The water gets chucky.  


Chuck Norris wasn't born like a normal child. He shot is way out of the womb with a carbine. 3 seconds later, he grew a beard.  


After long discussion, it was decided to nuke Hiroshima instead of dropping Chuck Norris onto the city, because it was deemed more humane.  


When Chuck Norris moved out of his parents' house, he gave his father the keys and said "Now you are the man in the house."  


There is no evolution, only a list of creatures whom Chuck Norris allows to exist.  


The universe expands because everything is trying to get as far away from Chuck Norris as possible.  


Aliens exist and they want to invade Earth, they are merely waiting for Chuck Norris to die so that they stand a chance.  


Chuck Norris can divide by zero.  


Chuck Norris doesn't fear God. God fears Chuck Norris.  


If Chuck Norris sleeps with lights on, that because the darkness is scared of him.  


Chuck Norris can't blink, because his eyelids are afraid of being seen by him.  


Chuck Norris is the only person who can literally kill time.

(103) Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs.

(104) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(105) Chuck Norris downloaded the internet into a floppy disc.

(106) Chuck Norris does not eat honey, he chews bees

(107) Chuck Norris visited the Virgin Islands. Now they're just called the Islands

Chuck Norris was having sex in a truck and some of his semen leaked into the engine. That truck is now known as Optimus Prime

(108) If you got five dollars, and Chuck Norris got five dollars... Chuck's got more money than you.

(109) Chuck Norris' calendar jumps from March 31 to April 2.  Nobody fools Chuck Norris.

(110) When God said let there be light Chuck Norris said say please first.

(111) Germans surrendered 1945. Chuck Norris born 1945;coincidence 🤷

(112) Once a year, on the summer solstice, Chuck Norris selects one lucky child and roundhouse kicks them into the sun.

(113) When chuck norris donates blood he asks for a bucket and a handgun

(114) Death had a near Chuck Norris experience

(115) Chuck Norris killed 4 birds with half a stone. Think there's no such thing as half a stone? So did those birds.

(116) Chuck Norris can remember the future.

(117) Chuck Norris abducts aliens and performs experiments on them.

(118) When Chuck Norris answers the phone he just says “go.” That’s not permission to talk. It’s your cue to run.

(119) Chuck Norris was the original Danny Tanner on Full House. He was replace by Bob Saget after an unfortunate incident with one of the Olsen Triplets.

(120) Chuck Norris doesn’t read books, he stares them down until he gets the information he needed.

Edit. Spelling.

(121) When in Rome, the Romans do as Chuck Norris does.

(122) Chuck Norris can set the time on a sun dial.

(123) He doesn't shave, because his beard hides another fist

(124) America once though about carving Chuck Norris's face on Mt. Rushmore.


Turns out the rock wasnt hard enough.

(125) What does it sound like when Chuck Norris goes fishing? “you, you and you, get out there"

(126) Chuck Norris being a talented jockey, he is able to drift a horse and still finish the race...

(127) Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(128) Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. The descendants are now known as giraffes.

(129) Chuck Norris invented the C section when he roundhouse kicked his way into the world. 

In the beginning there was nothing. Then Chuck Norris told that nothing to get a job. Thus the universe was created.

(130) When Chuck Norris tells a joke about Will Smith's wife, Will Smith Slaps himself. Nobody slaps Chuck Norris.

(131) I did a tour in Iraq with the US Army. Chuck Norris came to our base to meet troops with USO. Someone mentioned that Chuck Norris was wearing a US Marines uniform, and someone replied:

No, the Marines wear a Chuck Norris uniform

(132) All these Chuck Norris jokes but you never hear any jokes about his friend and Master, Bruce Lee.

That's because Bruce Lee is no joke.

(133) Chuck Norris went to a feminist rally and came home with ironed clothes and a ham sandwich

(134) Chuck Norris's daughter lost her virginity,  he got it back.

(135) Chuck Norris can piss his name in concrete.

(136) Chuck Norris once wrestled an anaconda for 2 days before he realized he was masturbating.

(137) He speaks braille

(138) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

(139) Favorite was always “Chuck Norris can teach his Charmander Water Gun”

(140) Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.

If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.

In the beginning there was nothing ... then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked nothing and told it to get a job.

If Chuck Norris were to travel to an alternate dimension in which there was another Chuck Norris, and they both fought, they would both win.

The dinosaurs looked at Chuck Norris the wrong way once, and we all know what happened to them.

Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.

If you want a list of Chuck Norris' enemies, just look at the extinct species list.

Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.

Chuck Norris is not afraid of the dark. The dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.

Death once had a near-Chuck-Norris experience.

And many, many more... (the last one is my personal favorite)

(141) This is bringing back serious Barren chat supressed memories...

(142) Chuck Norris once farted. That event was named "The big bang"

(143) Spiderman wears Chuck Norris pajamas

(144) Chuck Norris travelled back in time to stop JFK’s assassination. Chuck successfully deflected all the shots fired from Oswald’s gun with his beard. JFK’s head exploded out of shear amazement.

(145) Every Fall, the Flu gets a Chuck Norris shot

Or more contemporary:

COVID is on its seventeenth Chuck Norris Booster.

(146) Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding

(147) Chuck Norris told the Queen to act her age. So she died.

(148) Chuck Norris wasn’t born. After 9 months, he shed his mother!

(149) Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone

(150) The boogeyman checks on top of the bed for Chuck Norris.

(151) Chuck Norris was born in the house he built.

(152) Chuck Norris does not teabag the ladies, he potato sacks them.

(153) Chuck Norris can dribble a football

(154) Chuck Norris donated some watches to some kids, they are now the Power Rangers.

Chuck Norris was drunk once and urinated into a truck, that truck is now Optimus Prime.

They once named a street Chuck Norris, but had to change it, because no one crosses Chuck Norris... and lives.

(155) How many situps can Chuck Norris do? All.

(156) One time Chuck Norris stung a bee.

(157) Chuck Norris doesn’t turn the light on. He turns the dark off.

(158) How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck norris?

(159) Chuck Norris doesn’t own an oven. He looks at bread, and the bread knows it’s toast.

(160) You don't hear a chuck Norris joke.  You feel it as it comes blasting through the atmosphere,  wrecking your tiny planet.

(161) Angels sang out an immaculate chorus
Down from the heavens descended Chuck Norris
Who delivered a kick which could shatter bones
Into the crotch of Indiana Jones

https://youtu.be/lrzKT-dFUjE

(162) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin that he built with his own hands.

(163) Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.

(164) Chuck Norris can divide by zero.

(165) Chuck Norris can kick you in the back of the face

