(1) I remember an interview with Norris about the jokes, he loved them. The interview asked if he was fast enough to run around the earth a punch himself in the back of the head.

"No. I'd hear myself coming."

(2) Chuck Norris can pick up a missed call.

(3) Chuck Norris’ password is the last 9 digits of pi.

(4) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(5) Before he goes to sleep, the boogey man checks under his bed for Chuck Norris.

(6) Chuck Norris actually died 10 years ago. The reaper ist too scared to tell him

(7) Superman wears Chuck Norris pyjamas to bed

(8) Oedipus’ mother has a Chuck Norris complex.

(9) Chuck Norris killed 2 stones with 1 bird

(10) When Chuck Norris was born he drove his mother home from the hospital.

(11) Chuck Norris can download Hardware

(12) When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone, he had two missed calls from Chuck Norris….

(13) Chuck Norris doesn't mow his lawn. He dares it to grow.

(14) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep.  He waits.

(15) Chuck Norris gets 4-wheel drive out of his bicycle

(16) Chuck Norris went to the Virgin Islands. Now they’re just called ‘the Islands’.

(17) Chuck Norris counted to infinity. Twice. 

When doing push ups, Chuck Norris doesn't push himself up. He pushes earth away from him.

(18) When 911 has an emergency, it calls Chuck Norris.

(19) Chuck Norris was in a knife fight. The knife lost.

(20) A friend and me googled Chuck Norris in freshman year of highschool once.

I swear, I SWEAR, a blank white page came up, with nothing but text that said "Chuck Norris cannot be googled."

EDIT: Actually, it said this: "*Google can not find Chuck Norris because nobody finds Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris finds YOU.*"

(21) Chuck Norris can fly, this because gravity is too scared to make him obey her law.

(22) Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet. He scares the shit out of it

(23) Chuck Norris doesnt dial the wrong number. You answer the wrong phone.

(24) Chuck Norris plays the violin with a piano

(25) Chuck Norris knows Victoria’s secret

(26) Chuck Norris's tears can cure cancer. Too bad he's never cried.

(27) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin that he built with his own 2 hands.

(28) You know how giraffes were invented? Chuck Norris uppercut a horse.

(29) Chuck Norris visited the sun and stayed 2 nights

(30) chuck norris can make fire by rubbing together two pieces of ice

(31) Chuck Norris has a polar bear rug on his floor. It’s actually a live bear but it’s too scared to move …

(32) I don't know what you guys are on about.

Chuck Norris isn't so tough.

If he was, he'd come to my house and slam my face into the keyboacruckaj2vrmfizjabsmfkhsbqkd

(33) Soon after becoming the first man to walk on the moon, Neil Armstrong also received the world's longest touchdown pass from Chuck Norris.

(34) Chuck Norris once farted in the Sahara forest

(35) There are no jokes about Chuck Norris. It's all true.

(36) Always thought “Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg” was pretty high ranking 😅

(37) When Chuck Norris falls out of a boat, he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norrised.

(38) Chuck Norris completed Pokemon Go. On a land-line.

(39) It took 9 women 4 years to give birth to Chuck Norris

(40) Chuck Norris’ poker face is so good that he once won the 1988 World Series of Poker despite holding a 9 of spades, a Joker, a green Skip card from the game Uno, a Get Out of Jail Free Monopoly card and a 2 of clubs.

(41) Chuck Norris expects the Spanish inquisition

(42) Guns carry Chuck Norris for protection.

(43) Chuck Norris has a bear skin rug. The bear's not dead, just too afraid to move.

(44) Chuck Norris once broke his Nokia phone.

(45) Chuck Norris was shot on Wednesday. They held bullet's funeral on Friday.

(46) Chuck Norris never won an oscar because he is NOT acting.

(47) Chuck Norris likes his meat so rare, he only eats Unicorn.

(48) Chuck Norris can win a game of connect 4 in 3 moves.

(49) Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter.

(50) Chuck Norris doesn't breathe, he only holds air hostage.

(51) Chick Norris can cut a knife with hot butter.

(52) Chuck Norris once arrived twice

(53) Chuck Norris and Superman once agreed to a fight, the loser had to wear their underwear on the outside of their pants.

(54) Chuck Norris can speak Japanese in French

(55) Chuck Norris doesn't have hair on his balls...
Because hair can't grow on steel.

(56) Chuck Norris can drown fish.

(57) Chuck Norris assigns his teachers homework

(58) Jesus walks on water. Chuck Norris swims on land

(59) Chuck Norris puts braille on his boots so even blind people know what’s coming.

(60) Chuck Norris made the Happy Meal cry.

(61) Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.

(62) The dinosaurs crossed Chuck Norris once.  ONCE.

The day Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone, he already missed two calls from Chuck Norris.

(63) There is no control button on Chuck Norris' computer, because HE is always in control.

Chuck Norris was walking down the street one day and got an erection. There were no survivors.

Charlie Sheen claims to have had sex with over 20,000 women in his lifetime. Chuck Norris called that "A slow Tuesday."

(64) Chuck Norris puts the "laughter" in manslaughter.

Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.

Chuck Norris doesn't believe in the periodic table of elements, because the only element he believes in is in the element of surprise.

Chuck Norris only has one hand. The upper hand.

When Bruce Banner gets mad he turns in the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad he turns into Chuck Norris.

(65) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his own father.

(66) Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
Edited: I removed one unnecessary comma. 🤣

(67) When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesn't turn on the light. He turns off the dark.

(68) Chuck Norris caught Covid-19, Now Covid-19 is in Quarantine for two weeks

(69) There is no Theory of Evolution. There is only a list of organisms that Chuck Norris allows to exist.

When Chuck Norris left for college, he told his father "you're the man of the house now"

When God said "Let there be light", Chuck Norris replied "Say please"

Jesus could walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim through land.

And ofc, [the classic...](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/bc/db/10/bcdb106836f23d487cfb738709b72c5a--chuck-norris-memes-rock-paper-scissors.jpg)

(70) Chuck Norris doesn't teabag the ladies...he potato sacks them.

Every night before bed, the Boogeyman checks his closet for Chuck Norris.

Chuck Norris has to sleep with a nightlight. Not because he's afraid of the dark, but because the dark is afraid of him.

How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? All of it.

Chuck Norris counted to infinity, twice.

Chuck Norris can speak braille.

When Chuck Norris works out, he doesn't do a push up, he pushes the earth down.

Superman has a pair of Chuck Norris jammies.

(71) Chuck Norris doesn’t wear condoms. There’s no such thing as protection from Chuck Norris.

(72) Chuck Norris doesn't go hunting. The word "hunting" implies the possibility of failure. Chuck Norris goes killing.

Chuck Norris once bowled a perfect 300. Without a ball. In fact he wasn't even in a bowling alley.

Chuck Norris had a paper route as a kid. There were no survivors.

(73) (From early 2020)

Chuck Norris has been exposed to COVID-19. The virus will now remain in quarantine for 14 days.

(74) Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.

(75) Chuck Norris uses a stunt double. For crying scenes.

(76) Chuck Norris filmed the invention of a camera

(77) Chuck norris narrates Morgan Freeman's life.

(78) When Chuck Norris tells a joke about Will Smith's wife, Will Smith slaps himself....

(79) Chuck Norris can’t go to hell. The devil still has restraining order against him

(80) "Chuck Norris once discovered a rock so heavy, that even he, Chuck Norris, could not lift it. Then he lifted it anyway just to show everyone who the fuck Chuck Norris is."

(81) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.

(82) Chuck Norris can dribble a bowling ball, wheelie a unicycle, and stand faster than usain bolt can run. He once had a heart attack and his heart lost.

(83) Chuck Norris is said to be so fast he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head

(84) Chuck Norris’s dick has an elbow

(85) Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone

(86) Chuck Norris once got an erection while walking down a busy street. There were no survivors.

(87) Chuck Norris' itches scratch themselves

(I came up with this one and post it every time I get the chance)

(88) Chuck Norris is the only person to ever punch a man in the back of his face.

(89) Chuck Norris went back in time to stop the Kennedy assination Chuck stopped all three bullets with his beard. Kennedy's head exploded out of shear amazement.

(90) Chuck Norris can get Chick-fil-A on Sundays

(91) In a fight between Batman and Darth Vader; Chuck Norris would win.

Also partial to

Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(92) Jesus can walk on water but chuck Norris can swim through land

(93) The toilet clogs when Chuck Norris pisses

(94) Trying to cash in on Chuck Norris’ popularity, a company tried to merchandise a Chuck Norris kiddie toilet training seat, but it failed miserably because Chuck Norris doesn’t take shit from anyone.

(95) There’s no such thing as tornadoes, Chuck Norris just really hates trailer parks. 

(updatable for Ian and Florida if you want to be topical!)

(96) Chuck Norris always has sex on top because Chuck Norris never fucks up.

(97) Chuck Norris once destroyed the Periodic Table of Elements, because he only believes in the Element of Surprise.

(98) When chuck Norris works out, the weights get stronger.

(99) Hurricanes have an evacuation plan in the event of Chuck Norris.

(100) Chuck Norris uses pepper spray to spice up his steak.

(101) Chuck Norris once had sex with an entire convent of nuns. 9 months later they gave birth to the 1972 Miami dolphins, the only undefeated team in NFL history

(102) Once a street was named after Chuck Norris, but was renamed hours later because Chuck Norris kept beating up people trying to cross the street. When asked about it, he just replied "Noone crosses Chuck Norris."  


Once a rumour spread that Chuck Norris had been beaten up by a pirate. This rumour was started by Chuck Norris himself to lure more pirates in.  


Once Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at Burger King and got it.  


Chuck Norris can operate a coal grill underwater.  


When Chuck Norris goes into the water, he doesn't get wet. The water gets chucky.  


Chuck Norris wasn't born like a normal child. He shot is way out of the womb with a carbine. 3 seconds later, he grew a beard.  


After long discussion, it was decided to nuke Hiroshima instead of dropping Chuck Norris onto the city, because it was deemed more humane.  


When Chuck Norris moved out of his parents' house, he gave his father the keys and said "Now you are the man in the house."  


There is no evolution, only a list of creatures whom Chuck Norris allows to exist.  


The universe expands because everything is trying to get as far away from Chuck Norris as possible.  


Aliens exist and they want to invade Earth, they are merely waiting for Chuck Norris to die so that they stand a chance.  


Chuck Norris can divide by zero.  


Chuck Norris doesn't fear God. God fears Chuck Norris.  


If Chuck Norris sleeps with lights on, that because the darkness is scared of him.  


Chuck Norris can't blink, because his eyelids are afraid of being seen by him.  


Chuck Norris is the only person who can literally kill time.

(103) Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs.

(104) Chuck Norris downloaded the internet into a floppy disc.

(105) Chuck Norris does not eat honey, he chews bees

(106) Chuck Norris visited the Virgin Islands. Now they're just called the Islands

Chuck Norris was having sex in a truck and some of his semen leaked into the engine. That truck is now known as Optimus Prime

(107) If you got five dollars, and Chuck Norris got five dollars... Chuck's got more money than you.

(108) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(109) Chuck Norris' calendar jumps from March 31 to April 2.  Nobody fools Chuck Norris.

(110) When God said let there be light Chuck Norris said say please first.

(111) Germans surrendered 1945. Chuck Norris born 1945;coincidence 🤷

(112) Once a year, on the summer solstice, Chuck Norris selects one lucky child and roundhouse kicks them into the sun.

(113) When chuck norris donates blood he asks for a bucket and a handgun

(114) Death had a near Chuck Norris experience

(115) Chuck Norris killed 4 birds with half a stone. Think there's no such thing as half a stone? So did those birds.

(116) Chuck Norris can remember the future.

(117) Chuck Norris abducts aliens and performs experiments on them.

(118) When Chuck Norris answers the phone he just says “go.” That’s not permission to talk. It’s your cue to run.

(119) Chuck Norris was the original Danny Tanner on Full House. He was replace by Bob Saget after an unfortunate incident with one of the Olsen Triplets.

(120) Chuck Norris doesn’t read books, he stares them down until he gets the information he needed.

Edit. Spelling.

(121) When in Rome, the Romans do as Chuck Norris does.

(122) Chuck Norris can set the time on a sun dial.

(123) He doesn't shave, because his beard hides another fist

(124) America once though about carving Chuck Norris's face on Mt. Rushmore.


Turns out the rock wasnt hard enough.

(125) What does it sound like when Chuck Norris goes fishing? “you, you and you, get out there"

(126) Chuck Norris being a talented jockey, he is able to drift a horse and still finish the race...

(127) Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. The descendants are now known as giraffes.

(128) When Chuck Norris tells a joke about Will Smith's wife, Will Smith Slaps himself. Nobody slaps Chuck Norris.

(129) All these Chuck Norris jokes but you never hear any jokes about his friend and Master, Bruce Lee.

That's because Bruce Lee is no joke.

(130) Chuck Norris went to a feminist rally and came home with ironed clothes and a ham sandwich

(131) Chuck Norris's daughter lost her virginity,  he got it back.

(132) Chuck Norris can piss his name in concrete.

(133) Chuck Norris once wrestled an anaconda for 2 days before he realized he was masturbating.

(134) Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(135) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

(136) Chuck Norris invented the C section when he roundhouse kicked his way into the world. 

In the beginning there was nothing. Then Chuck Norris told that nothing to get a job. Thus the universe was created.

(137) I did a tour in Iraq with the US Army. Chuck Norris came to our base to meet troops with USO. Someone mentioned that Chuck Norris was wearing a US Marines uniform, and someone replied:

No, the Marines wear a Chuck Norris uniform

(138) Chuck Norris once farted. That event was named "The big bang"

(139) He speaks braille

(140) Spiderman wears Chuck Norris pajamas

(141) Chuck Norris travelled back in time to stop JFK’s assassination. Chuck successfully deflected all the shots fired from Oswald’s gun with his beard. JFK’s head exploded out of shear amazement.

(142) Every Fall, the Flu gets a Chuck Norris shot

Or more contemporary:

COVID is on its seventeenth Chuck Norris Booster.

(143) Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding

(144) Chuck Norris told the Queen to act her age. So she died.

(145) Favorite was always “Chuck Norris can teach his Charmander Water Gun”

(146) Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.

If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.

In the beginning there was nothing ... then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked nothing and told it to get a job.

If Chuck Norris were to travel to an alternate dimension in which there was another Chuck Norris, and they both fought, they would both win.

The dinosaurs looked at Chuck Norris the wrong way once, and we all know what happened to them.

Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.

If you want a list of Chuck Norris' enemies, just look at the extinct species list.

Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.

Chuck Norris is not afraid of the dark. The dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.

Death once had a near-Chuck-Norris experience.

And many, many more... (the last one is my personal favorite)

(147) The boogeyman checks on top of the bed for Chuck Norris.

(148) Chuck Norris was born in the house he built.

(149) Chuck Norris does not teabag the ladies, he potato sacks them.

(150) This is bringing back serious Barren chat supressed memories...

(151) Chuck Norris donated some watches to some kids, they are now the Power Rangers.

Chuck Norris was drunk once and urinated into a truck, that truck is now Optimus Prime.

They once named a street Chuck Norris, but had to change it, because no one crosses Chuck Norris... and lives.

(152) How many situps can Chuck Norris do? All.

(153) Chuck Norris can dribble a football

(154) One time Chuck Norris stung a bee.

(155) Chuck Norris doesn’t turn the light on. He turns the dark off.

(156) How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck norris?

(157) Chuck Norris wasn’t born. After 9 months, he shed his mother!

(158) Chuck Norris doesn’t own an oven. He looks at bread, and the bread knows it’s toast.

(159) Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone

(160) You don't hear a chuck Norris joke.  You feel it as it comes blasting through the atmosphere,  wrecking your tiny planet.

(161) Angels sang out an immaculate chorus
Down from the heavens descended Chuck Norris
Who delivered a kick which could shatter bones
Into the crotch of Indiana Jones

https://youtu.be/lrzKT-dFUjE

(162) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin that he built with his own hands.

(163) Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.

(164) Chuck Norris can divide by zero.

(165) Chuck Norris can kick you in the back of the face

(166) Heard this one somewhere recently. “The best part of waking up is not Folgers in your cup, it’s knowing that Chuck Norris didn’t kill you in your sleep”

(167) Chuck Norris throws a grenade,
50 dead,       grenade explodes

(168) This was from a Conan opening monologue 
They just renewed Chuck Norris’ show for another season.  It’s now called Texas Ranger with a Walker.

(169) Stepped into a porta-a-potty in Iraq. On the wall someone wrote - turn right. 

Facing this wall, turn right. 

Now facing the door, turn right. 

Now facing the urinal, You’ve just been round house kicked by Chuck Norris, now piss off!

(170) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(171) Chuck Norris hunted down the guy that stole his daughters virginity and got it back for her.

(172) Crop circles are just Chuck Norris’ way of saying sometimes corn needs to lay the fuck down.

(173) Chuck Norris is dead for 10 years now, but the Grim Reaper is too afraid to tell him

(174) The Slovakia Republic has setup an online contest to allow the public to name a bridge and the name currently in first place is Chuck Norris. Guys, you can't name a bridge after Chuck Norris... \*<dramatic pause>\*...because nobody crosses Chuck Norris.

(175) Chuck Norris takes only 1 minute to cook 2-minute noodles.

(176) Chuck Norris has a bear skin rug in front of his fireplace.   

It's not dead, it's just afraid to move.

(177) When Chuck Norris is hungover he doesn't throw up... He throws down

(178) When a zombie bites Chuck Norris he doesn't become a zombie...the zombie becomes a Chuck Norris.

(179) Chuck Norris once urinated in a semi truck’s gas tank as a joke… that truck is now known as Optimus Prime.

(180) Ah this is nice.  Its like a trip back to mid-2000s Barrens chat in WoW.

(181) Near death had a chuck norris experience

(182) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 30 Russians. And then the grenade went off.

(183) Mr T and Chuck Norris walks in a bar. The building exploded from awesomeness.

(184) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father did

(185) There’s a pile of dead ninjas in chuck norris’ backyard. He calls it broke back mountain.

(186) Chuck Norris doesn’t teabag people. He potato sacks them

(187) Chuck Norris uses a night light. Not because he Is afraid of the dark, but because the dark Is afraid of Chuck norris

(188) Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas to sleep

(189) Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in

(190) Chuck Norris stops a chainsaw bare handed - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdwC4vhc594

(191) Chuck Norris doesn't eat honey. He chews bees

(192) Chuck Norris doesn't tea bag the ladies, he potato sacks them.

(193) Chuck Norris has actually been dead for years. Death just hasn't worked up the nerve to tell him yet.

(194) Chuck Norris counted to infinity... twice!

(195) Chuck Norris know the last digit of pi

(196) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups, he pushes the earth down.

(197) Chuck Norris has never seen his reflection in a mirror because they shatter as soon as he looks at them. Even a mirror isn’t dumb enough to be in between two Chuck Norris.

(198) Chick Norris once lit his fart in fire in the Sahara Forest.

(199) 
There used to be a Chuck Norris branded toilet paper, they had to discontinue it though because it wouldn’t take shit from anyone.

(200) 


Chuck Norris was teaching a CPR class and brought the dummy back to life.

(201) Chuck Norris publicly and full throatedly endorsed Trump and Qanon

(202) Chuck Norris invented the giraffe by uppercutting a horse.

(203) The bogeyman checks under his bed for Chuck Norris.

(204) Chuck Norris doesn’t turn on the shower, he stares at it until it starts to cry.

(205) When Chuck Norris does a push-up he’s not pushing himself up but pushing the Earth down.

(206) In my language, peanuts are called kiki-riki. So Chuck Norris knows which one in the pod is kiki and which one is riki.

(207) Chuck Norris once shot down a German fighter plane by pointing his finger at it and shouting, "BANG!"

(208) Once, a blind man was walking and stepped on Chuck Norris' foot. Chuck said to the man, "BITCH DONT YOU KNOW IM CHUCK NORRIS!" The mere mention of his name instantly cured the man of his blindness. Unfortunately, the first, last, and only thing he ever saw was Chuck Norris' foot speeding toward his face.

(209) When donating blood, Chuck Norris declines the syringe and simply asks for a gun and a bucket.

(210) Chuck Norris starred in every Star Wars movie. He played the Force.

(211) Oe time Chuck Norris won a marathon while carrying a piano on his back. After he won he said he didn't know about the marathon and just wanted to move his piano.

(212) Chuck Norris solved the Bermuda triangle with the Pythagorean theorem.

(213) Chuck Norris can believe it's not butter

(214) Chuck Norris went to the Virgin Islands last week. They’re now just “The Islands”

(215) A joke found via asking the Google Assistant.

Me: Ok Google, tell me a Chuck Norris Joke.

Google: I'm sorry, I was unable to perform a search for a Chuck Norris joke.  Please choose a safer topic.

(216) Chuck Norris created a rock so heavy, even he couldn't lift it.
And then he lifted it anyway

(217) Chuck Norris doesn't read books.  
He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.

(218) Chuck Norris is always on top during sex. 
Because he never fucks up.

(219) Chuck Norris can win Connect Four in three moves..

(220) At night the boogeyman checks under his bed for chuck norris.

(221) Under Chuck Norris beard is not a chin... only more fists

(222) Chuck Norris caught all the Pokemons using a landline phone.

(223) Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups. He pushes the world down.

(224) Chuck Norris uses hot sauce for eye drops.

(225) When Alexander graham bell invented the telephone he had two missed calls from chuck Norris

(226) One time Professor X tried to read Chuck Norris's mind, now he's in a wheelchair

(227) Chuck Norris wears other people’s hearts on his sleeve.

(228) Not exactly 100 percent on topic nor am I exactly sure of the wording but the joke in “Get Smart” that I really loved was this.

“This building is surrounded by a team of highly trained black-ops snipers.”

“I don’t believe you.”

“Would you believe ten delta force commanders?”

“No.”

“How about Chuck Norris with a BB gun?”

(229) Chuck Norris once fuck a mongoose and they give birth to Steven Seagal

(230) Chus Norris has a bear rug in his room. The bear isn't dead, it's just scared to move.

(231) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father.

(232) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pisses.

(233) God wanted 10 days to create the universe, Chuck Norris gave him 6.

(234) Chuck Norris Can Believe It's Not Butter

(235) Chuck Norris doesn’t go hunting, hunting implies a probability of failure.  Chuck Norris goes killing.

(236) Chuck Norris can tie his shoes with his feet

(237) Chick Norris doesn’t flush the toilet. He scares the shit out of it

(238) Chuck Norris’s tears can cure cancer but chuck never cried

(239) There once was a Chuck Norris toilet paper but they had to recall it because it kicked too much ass.

(240) Chuck Norris has the greatest Poker-Face of all time.  He won the 1983 World Series of Poker, despite holding only a Joker, a Get out of Jail Free Monopoloy card, a 2 of clubs, 7 of spades and a green #4 card from the game UNO.

And 

In poker, Chuck Norris’ hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush

(241) Chuck Norris puts his pants on two legs at a time.

(242) When Chuck Norris left his parents home he turned to his dad and said “you’re the man of the house now”

(243) Chuck Norris doesn't hunt. hunting implies you might fail. Chuck Norris kills

(244) Q: How many push ups can Chuck Norris make?  
A: >!All of them!<

(245) If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you. But if you can’t see Chuck Norris, you may be only moments away from doom !

(246) Chuck Norris counted to Infinity. Twice.

(247) chuck norris threw a grenade and it killed 50 people. it then exploded

(248) Chuck norris once threw a real sick party, and several hundred yards away.

(249) chuck norris was born by his aunt. nobody dared to f*ck his mom.


jesus walks on water, chuck norris walks on jesus

(250) If you've seen a woman with crooked teeth then you've seen a woman who has given head to Chuck Norris.

Chuck Norris secretly has sex with all women of the world one day a month and they bleed for the next 7 days.

Chuck Norris is so fertile that he can even make men pregnant just by touching them.

Chuck Norris can make anyone orgasim by pointing at them and saying "Booyah"

(251) Chuck Norris can believe it’s not butter

(252) When asked how many push-ups he can do, Chuck Norris responded "all of them".

(253) Once, Chuck Norris visited the Virgin Islands. They are now simply known as "the Islands".

(254) Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.

(255) Chuck Norris once visited The Virgin Islands. When he left they were just know as The Islands.

(256) If you had $5 and Chuck Norris had $5, Chuck Norris would have more money than you.

(257) Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at Burger King and got one

(258) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

(259) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

(260) Jesus walks on water

Chuck Norris swims through land

(261) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees

(262) Chuck Norris went back in time to save JFK. He jumped up and caught the bullet in his teeth. JFK was so amazed at this act that his head exploded.

(263) When Chuck Norris dives into water, he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck-Norrised.

(264) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad.

(265) Nightmares have Chuck Norris when they sleep.

(266) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. Now they're just called "the Islands".

(267) Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked so fast he went back in time to stop the Kennedy assassination. He kicked both bullets in midair and JFKs head exploded in amazement.

(268) Chuck Norris once had to work at a clothing shop.

And that kids is why all aliens wear silver jumpsuits.

(269) Chuck Norris's tears can cure cancer.

Chuck Norris has never cried.

(270) Legends say that behind Chuck Norris' beard is another fist.

(271) Chuck doesn't sleep; he waits.

Chuck once did a roundhouse kick so fast and powerful, his foot went back in time and killed Amelia Earhart during her flight.

(272) Chuck Norris once pissed into the fuel tank of a semi truck...That truck is now Optimus Prime.

(273) Chuck Norris can divide by zero.

(274) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep. He waits.

(275) Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups. He pushes the earth down.

(276) Chuck Norris doesn't flush toilet... He scares the shit out of it.

Chuck Norris uses pepper spray to season his meat.

(277) I got one of my own, and this is Chuck Norris's personal favorite fact about him: People wanted to add Norris to Mount Rushmore, but the granite was not tough enough for his beard.

(278) Jesus walks on water but Chuck Norris swims through land.

(279) Chuck Norris can believe it’s not butter

(280) Chuck Norris’ piss once clogged a toilet.

Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his Dad did.

Can’t decide between the two.

(281) He clogged a toilet w his piss

(282) Chuck doesn’t do push-ups, he does earth-downs

(283) With his hands raised into the sky, God said,” Let There Be Light!” 

Chuck Norris said,” Say please”

(284) There's no such thing as a tornado, Chuck just hates trailer parks.

(285) Death once had a near chuck norris experience

(286) Chuck Norris got shot in the face. The bullet ricochet and went in the face of the shooter

(287) Jesus walks on water, Chuck Norris walks on Jesus.

(288) Chuck Norris doesn't read books.

He stares them down until they give him the information he needs.

(289) Chuck Norris isn’t hung like a horse; a horse is hung like Chuck Norris.

(290) Some people like to draw their name in snow with urine. Chuck Norris does it with concrete

(291) Death had a brush with Chuck Norris.

(292) Jesus can walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim on land

(293) Chuck Norris and Lance Armstrong had an argument over who had the most testicles. Chuck won by 5.

(294) Chuck Norris CAN believe it is not butter

(295) Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(296) Chuck Norris’ tears cures cancer. Too bad Chuck Norris never cries.

(297) Chuck Norris can believe it's not butter.

(298) The Boogieman checks under his bed for Chuck Norris

(299) How many push ups can Chuck Norris do? All of them!

(300) How many push ups can Chuck Norris do? All of them!

(301) Chuck Norris can touch MC hammer.

Chuck Norris does not do push ups. He pushes the earth down.

(302) When Chuck Norris left home for college, he turned and said to his dad, "you're the man of the house now."

(303) Chuck Norris threw a grenade, 50 people died. Then the grenade exploded.

(304) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he takes a piss

(305) A great nation built a bridge and had a contest to name it.

---

The winning name was The Chuck Norris Bridge.

---

Officials had to cancel the project because no one crosses Chuck Norris.

(306) Chuck Norris uses a stunt double during crying scenes.

(307) Chuck Norris's tears cure cancer, chuck Norris never cries

(308) Chuck Norris went back in time to prevent JFK from being assassinated. He was in the car and caught the bullets before they hit, but JFK was so amazed that his head exploded.

(309) Do you know why there are so many Chuck Norris jokes but not many about Bruce Lee?

BECAUSE BRUCE LEE AINT NO FKN JOKE SON!

(310) There is no chin under Chuck Norris's beard, there is only another fist.

(311) Chuck Norris once had a starring contest with the sun and won

(312) Chuck Norris went back in time to prevent JFK's assassination.

But when Oswald fired, Chuck caught the bullet in his beard and Kennedy's mind was so blown his head exploded anyway

(313) When Chuck Norris does push up, he doesn’t push himself up, he pushes the earth down

(314) Chuck Norris *can* believe it's not butter.

(315) Did you know that Chuck Norris destroyed the Periodic table? Because the only element he believes in - is the element of surprise.

(316) When Chuck Norris stands in front of a mirror, it immediately shatters. Not even glass is stupid enough to get between Chuck Norris & Chuck Norris

(317) Legend has it chuck norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun

(318) God created the earth and said, “ Let there be light. “ 

Chuck Norris said, “Say please….”

(319) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade that killed 50 people.

Then it exploded.

(320) Chuck Norris can speak Braille

(321) Chuck Norris can kill 2 stones with 1 bird..

(322) Chuck Norris doesn't sleep, he waits.

(323) Chuck Norris once broke both legs. He just walked it off

(324) Church Norris is able to start a fire with two pieces of ice

(325) When Chuck Norris tells a joke about Jada, Will Smith slaps himself

(326) When Chuck pees into the river, HE tells the other guy its cold and deep. The first guy never says anything.

(327) Chuck Norris’ calendar goes from March 31 to April 2nd, because nobody fools Chuck Norris.

(328) Does anyone remember the old Chuck Norris joke generator website? And it’s Vin Diesel predecessor? Or have I been on the internet too long

(329) When chuck norris do push-ups, he aint pushing himself up, he push the earth down

(330) When chuck norris jumps in the water, he doesn’t get wet the water gets Chuck

(331) Chuck Norris clapped once, science calls it the Big Bang.

(332) Chuck Norris once had a contest with Lance Armstrong to see who had the most testicle Chuck Noris won by 5.

(333) Chuck Norris doesn’t teabag people he beats.  He flour sacks them.

(334) Chuck Norris does not defy the laws of physics; the laws of physics simply know what happens to those who defy Chuck Norris.

(335) Chuck Norris was once a man trapped in a female body but then he was born!

(336) Jesus may have been able to walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land

(337) If you have $5 and Chuck Norris has $5, Chuck Norris has more money than you.

(338) Chuck Norris has died yesterday. But today he feels fine.

(339) When Chuck Norris was approached to be on Walker Texas Ranger he asked for salary details. The producer said “it’s a great contract and billing can assist you with those details,” in which Chuck Norris replied “that’s great, we’ll keep in touch”

(340) The T Rex was not chasing the Jeep, Chuck Norris was chasing the T Rex

(341)  Chuck Norris went to the Virgin Islands, now they are just called the islands.

(342) Chuck Norris played Russian roulette with a fully loaded gun twice.

(343) Chuck Norris throws a frag grenade into a room and kills 12 bad guys, then the grenade goes off

(344) Jesus walks on water.

Chuck Norris walks on Jesus.

(345) You don’t hear chuck norris jokes. They hear you first. Then they attack your humour Centre of your brain.

(346) Underneath his beard isn't a chin, just another fist

(347) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(348) Chuck Norris has never been invited to a news years celebration, because he's never dropped the ball.

(349) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his mom did.

(350) Chuck Norris can squeeze orange juice out of a banana.

(351) Chuck Norris doesn't recycle. He is compressing trash into diamonds.

(352) Did you  mean Chuck Norris *fact*?

(353) Chuck Norris gave one bitcoin to a Nigerian prince once. He got 2 bitcoins back.

(354) Behind Chuck Norris's beard is a third fist.

(355) Chuck Norris can run around the world fast enough to punch himself in the back of the head.

(356) Chuck Norris can watch "60 minutes", in 20 minutes.

(357) Chuck Norris made shrimps fry the rice

(358) Chuck Norris’ tears cure cancer. It’s just too bad that Chuck Norris has never cried.

(359) When Chuck Norris chops onions, the onions cry

(360) why do we have solar eclipses?

because Chuck Noris looked at the sun, so the sun got scared and hid behind the moon

(361) If you had $5 and chuck norris had $5, chuck Norris would have more money than you

(362) The original theme song to Transformers: Robots in disguise was actually "Chuck Norris, more than meets the eye. Chuck Norris, Robot in disguise!". The show featured Chuck Norris as a transforming pickup truck that battled evil drug dealing robots called Decepticons. Producers described it as one of the best shows of all time but recognized that it would be better split into two franchises. Walker, Texas Ranger & Transformers: Robots in Disguise.

(363) The Earth doesn’t rotate.

Chuck Norris walks.

(364) Chuck Norris visited the Virgin Islands

Now they're just The Islands

(365) Chuck Norris has a bear skin rug...the bears not dead, it's just to scared to move.

(366) No jokes from me, I can't bring anything new to the table, but I've got to say that this is genuinely the funniest post the I have seen on r/jokes.

(367) Chuck Norris once threw a single grenade and killed 20 men…and then it exploded

(368) chuck noriss' tears can cure cancer too bad he's never cried

(369) An eagle can read a newspaper within a distance of 2 kilometers.....  


Chuck Norris can turn the page.

(370) Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in three moves

(371) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees.

Or

When Chuck Morris falls out of a boat he doesn't get wet; water gets Chuck Norrised.

(372) Chuck Norris doesn't sleep...  He waits.

(373) Chuck Norris isn’t hung like a horse, horses are hung like Chuck Norris

(374) Jokes? All I see are Chuck Norris facts.

(375) Chuck Norris’ keyboard doesn’t have a ‘Ctrl’ key because he’s always in control.

(376) Chuck Norris won an underwater breathing contest against a fish

(377) Chuck Norris doesn’t eat honey, he chews bees.

(378) When Chuck Norris dips his hand in water, he doesn’t get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris

(379) Chuck Norris knows everyone’s wifi password

(380) Chuck Norris went to McDonald's and ordered a whopper.  They made it for him.

(381) Chuck Norris doesn’t flush the toilet.  He scares the shit out of it.

(382) Chuck Norris went to a feminist convention once. He came back with his shirt ironed and a sandwich.

(383) When Chuck norms was born, he smacked the doctors ass and made him cry

(384) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups. He pushes the world down.

(385) Jesus can walk on water. Not to be outdone, Chuck Norris swam through land.

(386) Chuck is always on top during sex because he never fucks up

(387) Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle

(388) Chuck Norris’s tears can cure Cancer
He never cries

(389) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade that killed five people. Then it exploded.

(390) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(391) Jesus may be able to walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through the earth.

\--

In the beginning God said, "Let there be light!"

Chuck replied "Say please!"

(392) There is no Chuck Norris jokes. Just facts.

(393) It's like I'm at the Barrens back in 2004!

(394) The Boogeyman checks his closet for Chuck Norris

(395) Chuck Norris' balls had a competition to see which was bigger.  They both won.

(396) Fun fact:  
Chuck Norris [actually tells that same joke himself in the second *Expendables* movie](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpqwsexDM0I)

(397) The term "balls to the wall" was coined to describe Chuck Norris entering any room smaller than an aircraft hangar.

(398) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade, killing 10 people. Then the grenade exploded.

(399) I was doing a Chuck Norris' TV show back in the day when I was a stunt driver ... He's not very tall nor intimidating... To be perfectly honest... No joke no comedy just information you're welcome

(400) When Chuck Norris goes to a feminist rally...  He comes back with a cold beer, a warm sandwich and a freshly ironed shirt.

(401) Chuck Norris once said we'd have 1000 years of darkness if the Democrat got elected in an election.

It's now Year 6.

(402) Chuck Norris doesn't tea bag the ladies, he potato sacks them. Also Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees.

(403) Chuck Norris has no hair on his balls, because hair doesn't grow on steel

(404) How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do?

All of them.

(405) When Chuck Norris smokes the cigarette gets cancer.

(406) Chuck Norris can divide by 0.

(407) Chuck Norris jokes are still absolutely hilarious

(408) Chuck Norris is so tough he sleeps with the pillow under his gun

(409) Chuck Norris once asked for a Big Mac in a Burger King. And got one.

(410) There's no such thing as global warming. Chuck Norris was cold, so he turned the sun up

(411) It takes 13 muscles to smile and only one for Chuck Norris to destroy an orphanage 


Chuck Norris once shot down a plane in WW2 by pointing at it and yelling Bang

(412) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups. He pushes the world away.

(413) Chuck Norris' tears can cure cancer.  Unfortunately, Chuck Norris doesn't cry.

(414) Chuck Norris doesn't do pushups. He pushes the earth down.

(415) Chuck Norris went to a feminist rally and came back with his shirt ironed and a sandwich.

(416) Its hard to pick one.  Here are my all time favorites:  


One time Chuck Norris round house kicked so fast that his foot went back in time and killed Amelia Earhart as she was flying over the Atlantic.

\------

One time Chuck Norris' friends got him a birthday cake with a stripper in it but he devoured the entire cake before they had a chance to tell him.

\------

In an effort to stop the JFK assassination, Chuck Norris went back in time and blocked all of the assassin's bullets with his beard.  It was all for nought, because in utter amazement, JFK's head exploded.

(417) You know why we haven't found life on Mars? Chuck Norris got there first.

(418) They're not jokes. They're facts.

(419) They originally tried to name the Brooklyn Bridge "Chuck Norris", it had to be renamed because nobody wanted to cross Chuck Norris.

(420) Chuck Norris counted to infinite two times

(421) When Chuck Norris goes swimming he doesn’t get wet, the water gets Chuck Norris

(422) Chuck Norris can slam revolving doors.

(423) There is no chin behind chuck Norris’s beard. Only another fist

(424) Chuck Norris won a game of connect four in only 3 moves. 

Chuck Norris’ poker face was so good, he won a game with a 3 of spades, a jack of hearts, a uno draw +2 card and a “get out of jail free” monopoly card.

(425) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed ten people. Then it exploded.

(426) Chuck Norris walked down the street with an erection.  There were no survivors.

(427) Chuck Norris can divide by zero.

(428) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father.

(429) When Chuck Norris tells a joke about Will Smith’s wife…Will Smith slaps himself

(430) Chuck norris can light up a bonfire underwater.

(431) Chuck Norris knows Victoria's secret.

(432) The only time Chuck Norris was wrong was the one time Chuck Norris thought he was wrong

(433) I met Chuck at a trade show a couple of years ago. Really nice guy. We talked about mostly martial arts and how Bruce Lee is the only person to have beaten him. He digs all the Chuck Norris facts.

(434) Someone once told Chuck Norris that he was wrong. 

That has been recorded in the Guinness Book of World Records as the greatest mistake ever made.

(435) Chuck Norris once shot down a German fighter plane with his finger. By yelling "Bang!"


Still my favorite, I can't explain why I love it

(436) Crop circles are just Chuck Norris’s way of saying sometimes grass just needs to stay the fuck down

(437) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 3 people then the grenade exploded

(438) Chuck Norris was not born from his mother but from his aunt, cause nobody can fck Chuck's mother!

(439) Chuck Norris died. He’s alright now though.

(440) Chuck Norris once had a contest with Lance Armstrong to see who had the most balls.  Chuck Norris won by 7.

(441) When Alexander graham bell invented the telephone: he had 3 missed calls from chuck norris

And

Chuck norris checks his facebook with a typewriter...

(442) Before monsters go to bed, they check the closet to make sure chuck norris isn’t in there

(443) Chuck Norris doesn't tea bag. He potato sacks you.

(444) Do you know how Optimus Prime was born?
Chuck Norris pissed in a truck.
🤣

(445) Chuck Norris’ tears can cure cancer; too bad he never cries

(446) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin that he built

(447) Chuck Norris does his number two's standing up.

(448) Jesus can walk on water. But Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(449) Chuck Norris once visited the virgin islands. Now they're just called the islands.

(450) Chuck Norris’s dick is so big it has its own dick, and his dick’s dick is bigger than yours.

(451) Chuck Norris witnessed the Big Bang. He doesn't talk about it because he wasn't that impressed.

(452) When Chuck Norris was a teenager, he was hooking up with a girl in the back of his pickup truck. The girl was too weak for his seed, so it shot instead into the pickup truck itself.

Nine months later, it gave birth to what we now know as Optimus Prime.

(453) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin he built with his own hands

(454) Jesus can walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(455) Jesus walks on water

Chuck Norris swims through land

(456) Chuck Norris drown a Great White Shark

(457) Chuck Norris once swallowed a Rubix cube and shat it out solved

(458) Hurricanes aren’t really hurricanes, it’s just chuck Norris doing continuous roundhouse kicks

(459) Chuck Norris doesn’t go hunting, Chuck Norris goes killing. “Hunting” implies a chance of failure.

(460) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(461) When Chuck Norris tells a joke about Will Smith’s wife, Will Smith slaps himself.

(462) Chuck Norris campaigned for Roy Moore, the pedophile, and voted for Trump. He also uses homophobic slurs.

(463) Chuck Norris once lost both his legs in an accident, and still got up and walked it off.

(464) One of a man's testicles is commonly larger than the other. Both of Chuck Norris's testicles are larger than the other.

(465) Chuck Norris can sort black sharpies by colour

(466) Chuck Norris once lit a fart and burned down the Sahara Forrest.

(467) They were gonna rename a bridge in SF Chuck Norris but canceled because nobody crosses Chuck Norris

(468) When Chuck Norris jumps in a lake, he doesn't get wet, the lake gets Chuck Norris.

(469) Once Chuck norris peed in a truck as a prank, that was the birth of optimus prime

(470) Speaking of snakes, fuck him for having anything to do with that snake Mike Huckabee. I like anti-Chuck Norris jokes. Behind Chuck Norris' beard is another chin.

(471) Chuck Norris once ate a 64oz Steak in 20 minutes….
He spent the first 15 minutes banging the waitress.

(472) A while ago, if you typed “find Chuck Norris” on google and clicked “I’m feeling lucky” red text would come up on the screen and said “Google won’t search for Chuck Norris because it knows you don’t find Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris finds you” I always thought that was funny lol

(473) Chuck Norris stands still faster than you run

(474) When Chuck Norris orders a McFlury at McDonald's the machine is never broken.

(475) 10-year-old Chuck Norris put on a magic show, where he pulled a hat out of a rabbit.

(476) Once on the set of Walker Texas Ranger, a baby lamb collapsed and died. 

Chuck Norris quickly ran over to the baby lamb and begin to fiercely rub his beard over the baby lamb. After a few seconds, the baby lamb came back to life. 

As soon as the baby Lamb took it’s  first step again. Chuck Norris quickly roundhouse kicked the baby lamb in the face, killing it instantly.

This was to demonstrate to the crew that Chuck Norris not only giveth life, but he can also taketh it away.

(477) Crop circles are Chuck Norris’ way of telling the world that sometimes wheat just needs to lie the fuck down.

(478) When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone he already had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris.

(479) Chuck Norris once pee'd in a semi truck's gas tank as a joke, that Semi is now known as Optimus Prime.

(480) Superman wears Chuck Norris Pajamas

(481) The dinosaurs look at Chuck Norris wrong… ONCE

(482) Chuck Norris tears cure cancer, except Chuck Norris has never shed a tear.

(483) Chuck Norris once won a game of connect four in three moves

(484) When Chuck Norris moved out of his parents house he turned to his dad and said you’re the man of the house now.

(485) When Chuck Norris sweats bullets, he can use them as ammunition.

(486) Chuck Norris can sneeze with his eyes wide open.

(487) Chuck Norris counted to infinity... twice.

(488) When Chuck Norris takes a bath he doesn’t get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris

(489) Chuck Norris doesn’t hunt.  Hunting has a possibility of failure.  Therefore, Chuck Norris just kills.

(490) Chuck Norris is the only man to ever fire real ammo by making gun fingers and saying bang

(491) Chuck Norris had sex with Flipper (Famous 90's Dolphin) and had a son.

That kid's name is Michael Phelps

(492) Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet. He scares the shit out of it.

(493) God prays to Chuck Norris

(494) Chuck Norris daughter lost her virginity, he got it back

(495) Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas!

(496) When the TV was invented, there were already Chuck Norris re-runs.

(497) Chuck Norris beat a brick wall in tennis.

(498) When Chuck Norris does a “push up” he isn’t actually pushing himself up, he’s pushing the earth down.

(499) Chuck Norris once ate a can full of 9th degree black belt ninjas and shit out Steven Seagal.

(500) When chuck norris falls in water, he doesn’t get wet. The water gets chuck norris.

(501) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade that killed 50 people. And then it exploded.

(502) Every year, in Pamplona, Spain, hundreds of bulls run... From Chuck Norris.

(503) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(504) Chuck Norris can bake a cake in the freezer

(505) Chuck Norris can count to infinity. Twice.

(506) Chuck Norris was dropped twice as a baby, once on hiroshima then again on nagasaki.

(507) Chuck Norris once ate a whole cake before his friends could tell him there was a stripper in it.

(508) When the boogeyman goes to bed, he checks under the bed for chuck norris

(509) Jesus can walk on water, but chuck Norris can swim through land.

(510) Behind Chuck Norris’s beard is another fist

(511) Chuck Norris put the word ”laughter” in 
”manslaughter”

(512) When Chuck Norris plays Monopoly it affects the world economy

(513) Chuck Norris filmed the making of a first camera.

(514) Chuck Norris donates blood every week though It is never his blood.

(515) Chuck Norris persuaded his gran he is not hungry.

(516) Chuck Norris built a time machine and went back in time to stop JFK being assassinated. As Oswald fired, Chuck Norris met all three bullets with his 'RayBans', deflecting each one of them. JFK's head exploded out of sheer amazement.

(517) Giraffes exist because chuck Norris uppercut a horse

(518) Chuck Norris does not dial the wrong number, you answered the wrong phone

(519) I don’t get all the hype about Chuck Norris. If he was really tough, he’d come to my place and slam my head on the keyboatjahrjkdsjhrhjfkskajhshdhrjijdhsjhhsagg

(520) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(521) Chuck Norris put the laughter in manslaughter.

(522) When Chuck Norris does a push up, he doesn’t push himself up, he pushes the Earth down.

(523) Chuck Norris was kamikaze pilot, 7 times.

(524) Chuck Norris doesn’t read books, he stares them down until he gets the information he needs.

(525) Chuck Norris built the house he was born in.

(526) The periodic table is incomplete,  because only Chuck Norris knows the element of surprise

(527) Chuck Norris can dribble a bowling ball

(528) Chuck Norris doesn’t read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.

(529) Jesus may have been able to walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land

(530) There is no chin behind Chuck Norris’ beard. There is only another fist.

(531) Chuck Norria can slam a revolving door.

(532) Probably a bit late, but back in the day I was doing a 100klm cycle race, there was some kind on the road with a sign that read "Chuck Norris finished yesterday". Which at the time I thought was funny.

(533) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups, he does world-downs

(534) Chuck Norris can convince his grandma he's not hungry.

(535) Chuck Norris does not deploy to production. He develops directly on production.

(536) What’s the quickest way to a man’s heart?

Chuck Norris’ fist

(537) Chuck Norris hunted down the guy who took his daughter’s virginity and got it back.

(538) When Chuck Norris has sex, he uses another woman as a condom. 

Chuck Norris can look and point his finger at a woman to instantly ingravidate her.

(539) There are no Chuck Norris jokes. There are only true stories. 

If you can see Chuck, he can see you. If you can't see Chuck, you may be moments away from death.

(540) How many push ups can Chuck Norris do? All of them.

(541) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(542) A thread to repost joke in a sub allergic to reposted jokes.

This thread would be instantly banned if Chuck Norris isn't the face of it..

Chuck Norris doesn't bend to rules, the rules bend for Chuck Norris.

(543) Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can walk on Jesus

(544) Chuck Norris recently had the idea to sell his urine as a canned beverage. We know this beverage as Red Bull.

(545) Chuck Norris's tears can cure cancer, but the man has never cried.

(546) Chuck Norris will never get a heart attack… his heart is too afraid to attack him.

(547) Every year on his birthday, Chuck Norris hurls a child into the sun.

(548) Chuck Norris can clog a toilet with just his piss.

(549) I think that one was the one in the Expendables wasn't it? I thought it was funny there because of just how awkwardly the other actors respond to it.

(550) Chuck Norris once was sleeping in his Peterbilt big rig and had a wet dream. Nine months later Optimus Prime was born

(551) Chuck Norris once threw a hand grenade and killed 30 men; and then the grenade exploded.

(552) Death once had a near Chuck Norris experience

(553) Chuck Norris doesn't believe in Germany

(554) Once Chuck Norris peed in a can. Now we know it as Red Bull

(555) Made this one myself:

They say Michael Phelps swims like a fish. They say a fish swims like chuck Norris.

(556) Chuck Norris can use emojis on Reddit

(557) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with an erection.  There were no survivors.

(558) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed a platoon of soldiers. Then the grenade exploded.

(559) Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin. Beneath his beard there is only another fist.

(560) Chuck Norris doesn’t cut his lawn, he sits on the porch and dares it to grow.

(561) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad.

(562) Chuck Norris can strangle anybody with a wireless home phone.

(563) Bulletproof jackets wear Chuck Norris for protection

(564) Chuck Norris boils water with his rage.

(565) We’ve gotta bring chuck norris jokes back they’re funny asf

(566) Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin underneath his beard, there's just another fist.

(567) Why are there so many Chuck Norris jokes and so few Bruce Lee jokes?

Because Bruce Lee isn't a joke

(568) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees

(569) Chuck Norris can skip forward on a live stream

(570) Chuck Norris went to a feminist rally and came home with his laundry folded and a sandwich

(571) Chuck Norris does not retreat.. he attacks in the opposite direction

(572) Chuck Norris makes a stop sign turn green

(573) Late to the party, but…

Chuck Norris doesn’t have a chin under his beard he has another fist

(574) Chuck Norris is soo macho that he lost his virginity before his dad.

(575) Chuck Norris doesn't run programs, he executes them

(576) Chuck Norris once ate an entire bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink.

(577) God doesent let Chuck Norris into heaven ,god is let in by Chuck Norris ,THE END

(578) Best version of this, I think    Hitler reacts

https://youtu.be/ZrHmcpRAZNs.

(579) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands on vacation. They are now known as “just” the islands.

(580) Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.

(581) When Chuck Norris does push-ups he’s actually pushing the Earth down.

(582) Chuck Norris read all these Chuck Norris jokes and wants to know how people know so much about him?

(583) How fast would a nunchaku, chuck, if a nunchaku could chuck wood.

(584) The only thing Chuck Norris has ever failed at was his toilet paper company. He doesn’t take shit from anybody.

(585) My two favorites are Chuck Norris created giraffes when he uppercut a horse and I heard Superhero’s read Chuck Norris comic books.

(586) Chuck Norris could act his way out of several wet paper bags.

(587) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with a huge erection. There were no survivors.

(588) Chuck Norris stepped on an IED and the trigger man blew up. 

(My favorite from ‘04-‘05 in Baghdad)

(589) Chuck Norris played Russian Roulette with a fully-loaded gun and won.

(590) What did Chuck Norris say to his father, as he moved out of  his parents home when he was 8?
"Now you are the man in the house "

(591) Chuck Norris is the one who defeats the Night King.

(592) Chuck Norris invented the giraffe when he uppercutted a horse.  🦒

(593) Jesus has Chuck Norris’ on speed dial in case he needs some advice

(594) Chuck Norris once picked a apple from a orange tree and made lemonade with it

(595) Chuck Norris is so fast that he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head

(596) Chuck Norris can win Connect 4 in three moves.

(597) Do you know why lightning never strikes twice in the same spot? It’s because it knows Chuck Norris is looking for it.

(598) Chuck Norris doesn't have AIDS, but he'll give it to you anyway

(599) Chuck Norris was fatally shot. Bullet is on life support

(600) Helen Keller’s favorite color is Chuck Norris.

(601) Once a month Chuck Norris has sex with every woman on earth. Thats why they bleed for a week every month.

(602) Mother nature does not mess with Chuck Norris.

(603) The real cause of worldwide sea rise is Chuck Norris bathing is humongous balls

(604) When chuck turned 18 he told his parents to get a job and move out

(605) Why did Chuck Norris destroy the periodic table? 
It didn't recognise the element of surprise.

(606) I wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.

(607) Do you know where chuck Norris was when the moon landings happened??

On the moon

(608) Chuck Norris can unscramble eggs

(609) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father


Chuck Norris built the log cabin he was born in

(610) I like one that I came up with myself:

Bloodhounds can’t track Chuck Norris, because Chuck Norris’s skin cells NEVER DIE.

(611) You could cut off one of Chuck Norris’s legs and he could enter the NYC Marathon, hop on the other leg in a flip-flop and shatter the world record by 3 minutes without breaking a sweat

(612) Chuck Norris once shot a plane down by pointing at it and saying "bang".

(613) When Chuck Norris does pull-ups, he doesn't go up, the building comes down.

(614) When Chuck Norris jumps in water he doesn’t get wet, water gets Chuck Norris.

(615) Bunch of classics. 

Broke back mountain isn’t just a movie it’s also what Chuck Norris calls the pile of ninjas in his backyard. 

Superman wears Chuck Norris pyjamas. 

When Chuck Norris breaks the law he arrests the police.

Science is wrong the Big Bang was simply the aftermath of Chuck Norris and Bruce Lee warming up.

(616) Chuck Norris has never successfully done a pull-up. He can only pull the bar, along with the Earth down.

(617) Chuck Norris once went and took his virginity back.

(618) Chuck Norris is the one who gave time a name.

(619) Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle. 

Chuck Norris’s hand is the only hand that can beat a royal flush. 

How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris?

(620) Chuck Norris simply walks into Mordor.

(621) Chuck Norris didn’t call the wrong number, you answered the wrong phone

(622) Chuck Norris doesn’t breath, air hides in his lungs for protection.

(623) Chuck Norris does not own a stove, oven, or microwave , because revenge is a dish best served cold

(624) Chuck Norris can dribble a bowling ball

(625) Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle

(626) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands… it’s now just known as “the islands”

(627) Chuck Norris went back in time to stop the assassination of JFK. He stopped all three bullets with his beard. JFK was so impressed his head exploded.

(628) When Chuck Norris enters a room he doesn’t turn the lights on, he turns the dark off

(629) Chuck Norris Built The hospital he was born in 😂

(630) When Chuck Norris does push-ups, he actually pushes the Earth down.

(631) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(632) Behind Chuck Norris' beard is another fist.

(633) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands, they are now called The Islands. 
Chuck Norris does not teabag the ladies, he potato sacks them.

(634) There was once a short lived Chuck Norris brand toilet paper. Unfortunately it wouldn't take shit from any one.

(635) Chuck Norris is so old, he uses his black belt to hold up his Depends undergarments.

(636) Chuck Norris doesn’t tea bag, he potatoe sacks.

(637) Chuck Norris’ tears can cure cancer…….
Too bad he never cries

(638) Jesus Christ walks on water. Chuck Norris swims on land.

(639) Chuck norris tears cure cancer. Unfortunately he never cries.

(640) Jesus could walk on water. 

Chuck Norris can swim through land

(641) When Graham Bell invented invented the phone, he got a call from from Chuck Norris

(642) Crop circles are Chick Norris's way of saying that sometimes corn should lay the fuck down.

(643) When God curses he says "Oh my fuckin' Chuck!"

(644) Chuck Norris threw a bomb and 30 people died. Then the bomb exploded.

(645) Chuck Norris  does not read - He stares at books until they tell him what  he wants to know

(646) Chuck Norris once had sex in the back of a Semi truck. A little bit of his semen spilled on the floor. That semi is now known a Optimus Prime.

(647) Chuck Norris tears cure cancer. Too bad he never cries.

(648) When Chuck Norris does a push up he pushes the earth down

(649) Ozzy oz born once bit off the head of a bat.

Meanwhile, Chuck Norris bit off the head of Batman.

(650) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(651) How many push ups chuck can do? All of them!

(652) Chuck Norris has been to the cloud district.

(653) You'll never hear Chuck Norris fart. Know why? Because NOTHING escapes Chuck Norris.

(654) Chuck Norris was talking on stage the other night, and he said something about Jada Pinkett being bald.  Will Smith got up, walked to the stage, got in Chuck's face, and slapped himself.

(655) When chuck Norris comes to your house he gives you the wifi password

(656) Chuck Norris isn’t afraid of the dark.  The dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.  

I hear Chuck Norris just bought a vacation house.  On the surface of the sun.

(657) Chuck Norris downed Nazi planes during WWII by pointing at them and saying, "Bang."

(658) Sharks have a Chuck Norris week.

(659) there has never been a storm named chuck, otherwise it would have destroyed everything.

(660) When chuck Norris arrived late to school the other kids were punished for arriving early .

(661) When Chuck Norris was born he slapped the Doctor.

(662) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands, they’re now called the Islands

(663) What do you call tge pile of dead ninjas after a battle with Chuck Norris?

Broke back mountain

(664) The genius book of world records puts in small print "All records are held by Chuck Norris, these are the people that have come close"

The death count on Walker Texas Ranger is greatly exaggerated. It's in fact zero, Chuck Norris is gentle as he is deadly. 

The US government had to edit the moon landing. It was not faked like some claim. The truth is, as Armstrong stepped on the moon Chuck Norris was there waiting with a cold beer.

(665) Not only can chuck Norris believe it's not butter, he knows it isnt.

And 

Pepperidge farm can't remember chuck norris

(666) Chuck Norris doesn’t get Covid, Covid gets Chuck Norris

(667) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

(668) Chuck Norris can swim through solid ground.

(669) Chuck Norris was once writing a book, but the keyboard in fear wrote it for him.

(670) Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter

(671) When Chuck Norris was getting ready for his 1st day of school, he pointed at his dad and said "You're the man of the house now"

(672) What’s underneath Chuck Norris’ beard? 

Another fist.

(673) Chuck Norris donates his beard trimmings to the local police department to stuff their bulletproof vests with.

(674) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep he waits

(675) Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.

(676) They were going to name a bridge after Chuck Norris, but thought better of it, because no one crosses Chuck Norris.

(677)  Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups. He does earth downs

(678) Chuck Norris doesn’t teabag, he potato sacks

(679) Chuck Norris once killed 10 people with a grenade and then it went off.

(680) NBC pays royalties to Chuck Norris, because Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs.

(681) Don't have time to read through all these comments...  but my favorite one so far is this one...

&#x200B;

Chuck Norris' Tears can cure COVID,,,,    too bad he never cries  :)

&#x200B;

:)

(682) Chuck Norris doesn’t mow his grass - he just stands on his porch and dares the grass to grow!

(683) Q:How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do? A: All of them

(684) When God said “let there be light”, Chuck Norris said “say please”.

(685) Chuck Norris likes his meat so rare he only eats unicorns

(686) Chuck Norris walks into McDonald’s, orders a whopper, and gets one

(687) Chuck Norris visited the Virgin Islands… they’re no longer virgin

(688) Chuck Norris doesnt obey the laws of physics, they obey him

(689) Chuck Norris once masturbated in public…there were no survivors

(690) Chuck Norris doesn’t tea bag ppl, he potato sacks them.

(691) Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.

(692) Chuck Norris’ tears cure cancer. Too bad he’s never cried.

(693) Chuck Norris once through a grenade that killed 20 people, that was before it exploded!

(694) Did you hear about the bet between Chuck Norris and Superman? Whoever lost in a fight between the two of them had to wear their underwear outside of their pants.

(695) Chuck Norris doesn't mow his lawn, he dares his grass to grow.

(696) Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky

(697) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups; he does earth-downs.

(698) Spring of 1958: Chuck Norris, while backpacking through upstate New York, took refuge at a Catholic Mother House.
The next day, the Nuns were ALL mysteriously pregnant.
9 months later, they gave birth to what was to become the 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only team to ever go undefeated in regular and post season football.

(699) Chuck Norris can beat a royal flush with one card....

(700) Chuck Norris has no hair on his balls....hair doesn't grow on steel

(701) Chuck Norris asked for a big mac in Burger King, and got one.

(702) Chuck Norris can run around the earth and punch himself in the back of the head.

(703) One time, on Chuck Norris’ birthday, he ate the entire cake before he could be told there was a stripper inside.

(704) When Chuck Norris steps on Lego, the Lego swears.

(705) We don’t have any real-life superheroes because Chuck Norris killed them all.

(706) Chuck Norris and Superman once made a bet; whoever loses the fight, has to wear their underwear outside their pants

(707) Only Chuck Norris uses #1 pencils

(708) Under chuck Norris' beard there's not a chin, there's just another fist

(709) Who would win in a fight between Chuck Norris and God??

Trick question!! Chuck Norris is God

(710) Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky

(711) Chuck Norris once ate a 96oz steak in 45 min.  He spent the first 40 minutes making love to the waitress.

(712) When Chuck Norris takes a shower he doesn't get wet, the water gets Chuck Norris.

(713) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(714) Only Chuck Norris jokes can talk about Chuck Norris jokes

(715) Lesbians are a group of women who have not met chuck noris

(716) The only thing that can kill Chuck Norris is two other Chuck Norrises. But Chuck Norris works alone.

(717) Chuck Norris created the C-section when he roundhouse kicked his way out out of his mother's womb.

(718) Why are there so many jokes about Chuck Norris and none about Bruce Lee? Because Bruce Lee is no joke.

(719) Chuck Norris was born from his Aunt, because nobody was game enough to fuck his Mum

(720) Chuck Norris uses bricks for pillows.

(721) When my dad was in the military he entered a contest for the best chuck norris joke.
I don't remember the prize but he got a personal email from Chuck Norris.
Here's the joke
 "God created heaven and the earth, and it was good.
And on the seventh day, he asked Chuck Norris for a day off"

(722) Chuck Norris can get a woman pregnant by pointing at her and saying “Booyah!”

(723) Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding.

(724) Chuck Norris runs on the treadmill until the treadmill is tired.

(725) Donkey Kong says, “It’s on like Chuck Norris”

(726) Chuck Norris already went to Mars, that's why there's no sign of life there

(727) Chuck Norris was dropped twice when he was a baby. Once in Hiroshima and another time in Nagasaki

(728) chuck norris can do a wheelie with a unicycle

(729) Chuck Norris counted to infinity... twice.

(730) Chuck Norris can speak Braille.

(731) While on the set of Walker Texas Ranger, there was a still born lamb. Chuck went to it and began caressing the stillborn against his beard. After 10 mins the little lamb came back to life and was braying and prancing around the on lookers from the film crew. 3 mins after that Chuck Norris grab the little lamb and torn its head off and look at the 1st Unit Director and said, "The good Chuck giveth, and the good Chuck take the away.." and that concluded season 3 of Walker.

(732) Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.

(733) You’re the best joke Chuck Norris has heard 🤣😂🤣😂

(734) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. They are now just “The islands”.

(735) Jesus could walk on water but Chuck Norris could walk on Jesus.

(736) Chuck Norris can divide by zero.

(737) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin he built with his bare hands

(738) Chuck Norris just randomly called me and told me if I told you the joke, it would be my last post ever. Sorry guys

(739) Chuck Norris and Superman got into a fight. The loser had to wear his underpants on the outside of his trousers

(740) Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.

(741) Death once had a near Chuck Norris experience

(742) Chuck Norris once was having sex in the back of a semi truck and some of his sperm got loose, to this day we know that truck as Optimus Prime!

(743) When Chuck Noris’ balls itch, they scratch eachother.

(744) I googled Chuck Norris once. It said, ‘you don’t find Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris finds you.’

(745) Chuck Norris died already. Death just hasn’t built up the courage to tell him.

(746) Chuck Norris has a grizzly bear laying on the floor of his cabin. It’s not dead, it’s just afraid to move.

(747) We call the cheap one ply toilet paper “chuck norris paper” ‘cause it wont take shit off nobody

(748) Chuck Norris tears can cure cancer- too bad chuck Norris never cries..

(749) He has another fist in his beard

(750) Chuck Norris knows Victoria’s secret.

(751) Chuck Norris once bet NASA he could survive re-entry without a  
spacesuit.

On July 19th, 1999, an un clothed Chuck Norris re-entered  
the earth's atmosphere, streaking over 14 states and reaching a  
temperature of 3000 degrees.

An embarrassed NASA publicly claimed  
it was a meteor, and still owes him a beer.

(752) Chuck Norris impregnated 24 nuns, they later gave birth to the 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only team to go undefeated and win the super bowl.

(753) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade at a terrorist compound and killed 15 people...and then the grenade exploded

(754) In the beginning, God said, “Let there be light.” And then there was light, and it was good.

Two seconds later, Chuck Norris made God turn it off, because he was still trying to sleep.

(755) Chuck Norris clogged the toilet…while peeing

(756) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups, he pushes the Earth down.

(757) Chuck doesn’t flush the toilet, he scares the shit out of it….

(758) Chuck Norris went to a Burger King and ordered a Big Mac. He got one.

(759) Chuck Norris doesn’t dial the wrong number - you answer the wrong phone.

(760) Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(761) Chuck Norris can see John Cena.

(762) Chuck Norris uses live rattlesnakes as condoms

(763) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups…he does ‘earth downs’.

(764) Chuck Norris can email you a round house kick to the face.

(765) Chuck Norris jokes are so funny they upvote themselves.

(766) Jesus wears a WWCND bracelet.

(767) Chuck Norris doesn't fart. Nothing escapes Chuck Norris.

(768) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin he built with his bare hands.

(769) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups. He pushes the Earth away from him.

(770) Chuck Norris has counted to infinity, twice. 

Chuck Norris doesn’t cut his grass, he dares it to grow. 

Chuck Norris has a third fist behind his beard.

(771) Chuck Norris doesn’t flush the toilet, he scares the shit out of it

(772) Chuck Norris’s daughter lost her virginity . He got it back !

(773) You want to know why you hear Chuck Norris jokes but no Bruce Lee jokes? Because Bruce Lee wasn't a joke

(774) Chuck Norris once visited The Virgin Islands. They are now known as The Islands.

(775) If Chuck Norris really was this strong, he could find me and smash my head on my keyboajwhwhfndkdkne

(776) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups, he pushes the earth down.

(777) The one when the joke teller decided not to say anything and we got a brief refrain from that asshole.

(778) Chuck Norris' politics.

(779) Chuck Norris is a fundy Christian rightwing prick. Oh wait, that's true.

(780) Chuck Norris himself is the best Chuck Norris joke, because he has the whole mimetic super badass trope but in real life he’s kind of a cowardly poser who quit doing real martial arts so that his championship couldn’t be challenged.

(781) There was once a bridge named after Chuck Norris, but they had to change its name. No crosses Chuck Norris and lives.

(782) 
Chuck Norris secretly fucks every woman in the world once a month. Hence the bleeding.

(783) Governor Greg Abbott using him to protect Texas Schools. Comedy gold right there

(784) Chuck Norris checks under his bed for Bruce Lee

(785) His political beliefs lol

(786) Well its me

(787) Chuck Norris's penis has a toenail.

(788) Chuck Norris once beat up Bruce Lee's vegetarian brother Brocco Lee.

(789) Chuck Norris himself is the biggest joke.

(790) Chuck Norris is a joke

(791) Chunk Norris is a pathetic, religious fundamentalist nutbag.

He is the joke.

(792) Someone told Chuck Norris to rock out with his cock out: 9 people died.

(793) Chuck Norris.

(794) Chuck Norris can swim on land

(795) Chuck Norris died last Wednesday, but his mom sed ge was feeling all better by Friday

(796) \- How many pushups can Chuck Norris do? 

\- All of them.

(797) Chuck Norris once went to a gay pride parade. Everything got straightened out.

(798) "Chuck who?" Bruce Lee

(799) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade, three people died, then the grenade exploded.

(800) Chuck Norris had sex on top of a VW Beetle, that car grew up to be Optimus Prime

(801) Chuck Norris himself

(802) The fact that anybody thinks Chuck Norris is still relevant in any way?

(803) Chuck Norris got tricked by the Republicans

He’s the joke

(804) Jesus walked on water. Chuck swims through earth.

Also, I wish he wasn't a homophobe.

(805) Are these jokes meant to be ironic as he's a cheese bag

(806) The best Chuck Norris joke I've heard were his political views.

(807) Oh this one is classic.

Q: What did Chuck Norris say to the gay liberal atheist?

A: "I hate you and I can't wait until you burn in hell because I'm a piece of shit Christofascist."

Also, Chuck Norris jokes? Really? What is this, the early 2000s?

(808) Chuck Norries doesn't die, not because Death's afraid to take him, but because he fears meeting Bruce Lee on the other side.

(809) Chuck Norris walks into a bar.
He kills everyone there, because they aren't Christian.

Am I doing this right?

(810) Chuck Norris is the joke. He’s a pos trump supporter.

(811) What fucking year is it? Fuck off with this tired bullshit

(812) One time, Chuck Norris sat down to watch TV.  A commercial came on. And he got really mad and walked out the door.  He then roundhouse kicked every kid he saw, saying "Trix are for Chuck Norris."

(813) Chuck Norris only masterbates to pictures of chuck norris.

(814) This whole thread makes me ill

(815) Chuck Norris doesn't get wet, water gets chuck norrised

(816) Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.

(817) Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin, only another fist... Credit family guy. Then Peter gets punched in the face by Chin fist.

(818) Now I must search for a Chuck Norris Reddit page

(819) Not to nitpick, but isn’t using the word “snake” after “cobra” superfluous?

(820) I know one with Chuck, but the joke is about Zlatan and Chuck is the joke.

(821) new copypasta warning:


Chuck Norris was once bitten by a cobra snake. After 3 long days of suffering, the snake died.  Chuck Norris killed 2 stones with 1 bird.  Chuck Norris counted to infinity. Twice.  When doing push ups, Chuck Norris doesn't push himself up. He pushes earth away from him.  There are no jokes about Chuck Norris. It's all true.  It took 9 women 4 years to give birth to Chuck Norris.  Chuck Norris actually died 10 years ago. The reaper ist too scared to tell him.  Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch. He decides, what time it is.  Chuck Norris made the Happy Meal cry.  Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.  Chuck Norris doesn't have hair on his balls... Because hair can't grow on steel.  You know how giraffes were invented? Chuck Norris uppercut a horse.  Chuck Norris can drown fish.  Oedipus’ mother has a Chuck Norris complex.  Once a street was named after Chuck Norris, but was renamed hours later because Chuck Norris kept beating up people trying to cross the street. When asked about it, he just replied "Noone crosses Chuck Norris."  Once a rumour spread that Chuck Norris had been beaten up by a pirate. This rumour was started by Chuck Norris himself to lure more pirates in.  Once Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at Burger King and got it.  Chuck Norris can operate a coal grill underwater.  When Chuck Norris goes into the water, he doesn't get wet. The water gets chucky.  Chuck Norris wasn't born like a normal child. He shot is way out of the womb with a carbine. 3 seconds later, he grew a beard.  After long discussion, it was decided to nuke Hiroshima instead of dropping Chuck Norris onto the city, because it was deemed more humane.  When Chuck Norris moved out of his parents' house, he gave his father the keys and said "Now you are the man in the house."  There is no evolution, only a list of creatures whom Chuck Norris allows to exist.  The universe expands because everything is trying to get as far away from Chuck Norris as possible.  Aliens exist and they want to invade Earth, they are merely waiting for Chuck Norris to die so that they stand a chance.  Chuck Norris can divide by zero.  Chuck Norris doesn't fear God. God fears Chuck Norris.  If Chuck Norris sleeps with lights on, that because the darkness is scared of him.  Chuck Norris can't blink, because his eyelids are afraid of being seen by him.  Chuck Norris is the only person who can literally kill time.  Chuck Norris threw a grenade killed 10 people then the grenade exploded.  Chuck Norris has a polar bear rug on his floor. It’s actually a live bear but it’s too scared to move.  Chuck Norris's tears can cure cancer. Too bad he's never cried.  Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep. He waits.  He doesn't shave, because his beard hides another fist.

(822) Chuck Norris invented every color in the spectrum of light, except for pink. Tom Cruise invented pink.

(823) Chuck Norris once made love to every nun in a little convent down in Tuscany. 9 months later they gave birth to the '76 Miami Dolphins, the only undefeated team in NFL history.

(824) Isn’t a shame when people lose respect for you and only remember stupid shit idiots make up that has nothing to do with you. Sigh.

(825) On June 7th 1994, Chuck Norris entered the same restaurant supermodel Cindy Crawford was eating at. Instinctively, Cindy swept everything off the table, threw herself on it in a fit of lust, and begged Chuck to ravish her. After Chuck finished his beer, he obliged her. When Chuck's magnificent lead sperm cannoned into Cindy's womb it went straight to one of her ovaries and roared, "Which one of you servile wenches thinks you can handle getting split open by the Chuck!?" All of the eggs cowered in the corner. The same thing happened at the other ovary. "I didn't fucking think so!" shouted the lead sperm which then lead the rest of the troops back into Chuck's balls. Chuck pulled out; roundhouse kicked Cindy in the face and told her, "Don't ever waste my time again

(826) When Chuck Norris does push-ups he isn't pushing himself up. He's too old.

(827) Chuck Norris was once bitten by a cobra snake. After 3 long days of suffering, Chuck Norris died.

(828) Why Chuck Norris is afraid of death, bcs Bruce Lee waiting for him.

(829) Check Norris doesn't believe in evolution.


It's bc he is a creationist.

(830) On November 18, 2008, Norris became one of the first members of show business to express support for the California Proposition 8 ban on same-sex marriage. Haha. What a loon.

(831) In Chuck Norris released an ad in 2012 that said the first black president would usher in "1000 years of darkness" if he won re-election.

Norris supported a California ban on gay marriage in 2008. He also endorsed Roy Moore for US Senate, a man with multiple credible allegations of sexual assault against him, a reputation for trying to date teenagers when he was in his 30s, and who was suspended or removed from positions on the judiciary multiple times for serious misconduct (by courts in *Alabama*, which should tell you something). 

That's the joke. Chuck Norris's fundie belief systems. And the fact that he's become a meme despite being a lousy person.

(832) The man himself is quite a [joke](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E05ACB_fyy0).

(833) What year is this? Chuck Norris jokes have been dated for like 15 years

(834) None. All are super stupid cringe

(835) When Chuck Norris found out there would be a black president he created a YouTube video about how there would be 100 years of darkness.

(836) Chuck Norris’ daughter lost her virginity, he got it back.

(837) Chuck Norris was once bitten by a cobra. After three agonizing days , the cobra died

(838) When someone else reports the passing of a celebrity I reply with:

He died too, didn’t he, Chuck Norris. Yeah, he’s alright now, though.

(839) u/thatmadychick 

Lol Chuck Norris jokes are so good.

(840) there are good ones?

(841) Hmmm, weird not one of these is funny...

Maybe it's because Chuck Norris is basically a total asshole.

(842) I came hear to laugh, yet sadly NONE of these are funny. How tf is tht possible 🤔

(843) Chuck Norris is a racist fascist who appeared in terrible movies and an awful TV show. 

\*ba-dum tish\*

(844) Did you hear that ____ (insert living celebrity) died?
Them: No?!?
Don’t worry, Chuck Norris’ told death he liked some, so death brought them back

(845) Chuck Norris isn't afraid of the dark, the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris

(846) They were going to carve Chuck Norris’s face on to Mount Rushmore but the granite wasn’t hard enough.

There’s no control key on the keyboard of Chuck Norris because Chuck Norris is always in control.

(847) Chuck Norris's time on this earth actually ran out 5 years ago. Rumour has it, it's still running

(848) CN and Superman had a wrestling match. Loser had to put his underwear on the outside.

(849) This thread is hilarious😁

(850) r/chucknorrisjokes

(851) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(852) Jesus could walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim on land. 

Chuck Norris tears are the cure for cancer, too bad he’s never cried.

(853) When you throw Chuck Norris into the ocean, he does get wet; the ocean gets Chuck Norris

(854) Some kids wear Superman PJs. Superman wears Chuck Norris PJs.

(855) Chuck Norris actually died several decades ago, but Death was to afraid to tell him, and still is.

(856) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father did

(857) Achilles was considered the greatest warrior that ever lived even with his one weakness, the Achilles tendon... There is no Chuck Norris tendon!

(858) Some kids wear Superman pajamas, but Superman?

Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.

(859) Chuck Norris isnt hung like a horse, horses are hung like Chuck Norris.

(860) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.

Before they go to sleep at night, monsters check under the bed for Chuck Norris. (Alternate version: Before he goes to bed at night, the Boogeyman checks his closet for Chuck Norris.)

Chuck Norris sleeps with a night light on. Not because he's afraid of the dark, but because the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.

Jesus could walk om water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land.

When Chuck Norris donates blood, no needles are required. He simply brings a handgun and a bucket.

There is no such thing as the rule of survival of the fittest, there is only a list of animals that Chuck Norris allows to survive.

(861) Chuck Norris once told a joke. It became fact.

(862) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin... That he built with his bare hands

(863) Jesus could walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(864) Chuck Norris' first job was as a paperboy.  There were no survivors.

(865) What’s behind Chuck Norris’ beard?

Another fist

(866) Before Monsters go to sleep, they check their closet and under their bed if Chuck Norris is hiding there.

(867) If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you

If you *can’t*  see Chuck Norris, you are seconds away from death.

Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep…he waits

(868) After sex, Chuck Norris doesn't light up a smoke.  He brands cattle.

(869) Chuck Norris doesn’t throw up, he throws down

(870) In a typical living room there are 3478 objects Chuck Norris can kill you with. The room itself included.

(871) A person once argued with Chuck Norris that the roundhouse was not the best way to kick someone. After careful study and thousands of man hours invested, scientists have determined that person made the biggest mistake in history.

(872) Chuck Norris was the fourth wise man. He gave baby Jesus the gift of "beard". The other three wise men conspired to keep Chuck out of the bible. A short time later they all died of roundhouse kick related incidents.

(873) When Chuck Norris stands in from of a mirror it shatters because not even glass is dumb enough to get between Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris

(874) Chuck Norris once killed 50 men with a single grenade. Then he pulled the pin.

(875) The Boogeyman looks under his bed for Chuck Norris before sleeping at night

(876) Chuck Norris once shot a plane out of the air with a finger gun

(877) Best thing about this one is that it was told by the man himself to Stallone.

(878) The boogie man checks under his bed  for chuck norris    

Long ago superman and chuck made a bet that whoever lost in a fight between the two had to wear their pajamas in public from then on.

(879) Chuck Norris once pissed in the gas tank of a semi truck and made Optimus prime

(880) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees.

(881) Chuck Norris failed recess in elementary school, because Chuck Norris DOES NOT PLAY AROUND.

(882) When Chuck Norris got Covid 19, Covid 19 had to isolate for 10 days.

(883) When Chuck Norris goes to a feminist rally, he comes back with a sandwich and his shirt ironed.

(884) When Chuck Norris farts in a car,

People roll the windows up

(885) Chuck Norris was once walking in a park. As he was walking a squirrel came up to him and challenged him to a nut collecting contest. To see who could find the bigger nuts. Chuck graciously accepted, dropped his pants and said “No one has bigger nuts than Chuck Norris”.

(886) They once named a bridge after chuck norris, but had to change it shortly after, as no one crosses chuck norris

(887) I’ve always been a fan of this slightly longer oddball one

Chuck Norris was the fourth wise man, who gave baby Jesus the gift of beard, which he carried with him until he died. The other three wise men were enraged by the preference that Jesus showed to Chuck's gift, and arranged to have him written out of the bible. All three died soon after of mysterious roundhouse-kick related injuries.

(888) Chuck Norris does not sleep, he WAITS!

(889) Chuck Norris once brought a sick lamb back to full health by rubbing his beard on it. Then he broke its neck because...the good Chuck giveth and the good Chuck taketh away.

(890) [frantically checks wikipedia page for Chuck Norris...still says "is"]

(891) Chuck Norris has a bear rug in his room, the bears not dead it's just afraid to move.

(892) When Chuck Norris was a teen, he had an orgy with an entire convent of nuns. Nine months later, they gave birth to what would become the 1972 Miami Dolphins.

(893) When Chuck Norris jumps in a pool he doesn’t get wet, the pool gets Chucked.

(894) Chuck norris doesnt dial the wrong number, you pick up the wrong phone...

(895) Each one of Chuck Norris' testicles is bigger than the other

Also

Death once had a near Chuck Norris experience

(896) Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the shit out of it........

(897) Chuck Norris and Superman once bet who would win in a fight. Loser had to wear his underwear on the outside of his pants.

(898) Chuck Norris was originally cast to play the Terminator but James Cameron ultimately decided nobody would watch a documentary.

(899) JFK wasn't killed by a bullet, Chuck Norris ran in and deflected the bullets with his beard, JFK's head exploded out of sheer amazement.

(900) When chuck norris jumps into the water, he doesn't get wet. The water gets chuck norris.

(901) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(902) Time and Chuck Norris once had a race. Time is still running

(903) Chuck Norris was born by his aunt because no one would dare to fuck chuck Norris's mom.

(904) Chuck Norris sees Death as a very promising Rookie

(905) Chuck Norris once rocked out with his cock out. There were no survivors.

(906) Chuck Norris got laid before his dad did.

(907) Chuck Norris plays pick-up sticks with overcooked spaghetti

(908) Time asks what Chuck Norris it is.

(909) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.

(910) he does not eat honey, he chews bees

(911) When taking a shit, Chuck Norris doesn't flush.
He scares the shit out of it.

(912) Chuck Norris is so fast he can run around the world and punch himself In the back of the head.

(913) Chuck Norris’ daughter lost her virginity last week. He found it.

(914) Chuck Norris once through a grenade. It killed 50 people, then exploded.

(915) Chuck Norris doesn't eat honey, he licks bees.

(916) In the beginning, there was nothing. Then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the nothing and said, “Get a job!”

(917) Did you hear that Chuck Norris died 3 years ago? It seems Death is still working up the courage to tell him.

(918) When Chuck Norris goes to donate blood, he declines the needle and kindly requests a pistol and a bucket instead.

(919) Chuck Norris gargles peanut butter.

(920) We were told that it was an atom bomb at Nagasaki . It was really Chuck Norris jumping out of the plane and punching the ground.

(921) Doesn't believe in the periodic table, only in the element of surprise!

(922) Bruce Lee wore Chuck Norris pajamas

(923) Chuck Norris can unscramble eggs

(924) Tornadoes don’t exist. Chuck Norris just hates trailer parks.

(925) Chuck Norris hit 11 out of 10 targets with 9 bullets.....

(926) Human cloning is frowned upon not for ethical reasons, but out of fear that someone will clone Chuck Norris, then Chuck Norris and Clone Chuck Norris will get into a fight - and when they roundhouse kick each other at the same time they will instantly end all existence

(927) A gun sleeps with a Chuck Norris under its pillow.

(928) They built I life size replica of chucks penis in Toronto canada.  The CN tower.

(929) Chuck Norris doesnt sleep, he only waits!

(930) After many years of asking, on September 8, 2022 Chuck Norris finally allowed the queen to die.

(931) After winning his first tournament every female in a 10mi radius of Norris was instantly pregnant.

(932) The good news is they found a cure for cancer.  The bad news is it is chuck Norris’s tears.  And chuck never cries.

(933) Chuck Norris was born in a hut be built with his bare hands.

(934) Underneath Chuck Norris' beard is not a chin but another first.

(935) Chuck Norris can believe it’s not butter

(936) Chuck Norris and Mr T walk into a bar. Instantly the bar was destroyed because no building can hold the amount of awesome.

(937) Chuck Norris' tears can cure cancer. Problem is he never cries

(938) Chuck Norris once had sex with a hooker in the back of a semi. A single drop of his sperm fell on the seat. That truck is known today as Optimus Prime.

(939) Chuck Norris said that if the constant annoying jokes about him don't stop soon, he'll destroy the internet.

(940)  Chuck Norris doesn't climb up mountains, they come down to him.

(941) Chuck Norris can clog a toilet with his piss

(942) Chuck Norris doesn’t go hunting. Hunting implies failure. Chuck Norris goes killing.

(943) Chuck Norris was hiking the Alps one day and stumbled upon a small convent of Benedictine nuns. Nobody can say for sure what happened next, but 9 months later those nuns collectively gave birth to the 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only team in NFL history to go undefeated from preseason through the Super Bowl. 

A semi driver cut Chuck Norris off on the interstate, so Chuck followed him until he finally stopped for fuel. When the trucker went inside to pay, Chuck pissed in his fuel tank. When the trucker came back outside, his rig stood up and introduced itself as Optimus Prime. 

Did you know that the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were based on a true story? Yeah! Chuck Norris swallowed a baby turtle once, and when he crapped it out the next day it was 5 feet tall and knew karate. 

Wilt Chamberlain claims to have slept with over 10,000 women over the course of his career. That's what Chuck Norris calls a lazy Tuesday afternoon.

(944) Chuck Norris doesn’t need to flush - he scares the shit right out of the toilet

(945) Chuck Norris can slice a knife with a watermelon.

(946) Chuck Norris has counted to infinite, twice.

(947) Chuck Norris can write UNDERWATER! And other words.

(948) Chuck Norris grinds coffee with teeth and boils water with his rage.

(949) Chuck Norris doesn't pick up the phone, Chuck Norris answers to no one!

(950) Chuck Norris can chug the whole tap.

(951) The best one I’ve heard is: “Jesus could walk on water, Chuck Norris could swim through land.”

(952) Chuck Norris can pick apples from an orange tree and make the best lemonade you’ve ever tasted.

(953) When Chuck Norris is outside in the rain, he doesn’t get wet… The water gets Chuck Norrised

(954) Chuck Norris doesn’t read books. He stares them down until they give up the information.

(955) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups, he pushes the world down.

(956) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 4 people. Then it exploded.

(957) chuck norris would take planes down with a fingergun

(958) Chuck Norris once there a grenade that killed 50 people. 

Then it exploded.

(959) Chuck Norris and Superman once bet who would win in a fight. Loser had to wear their underwear on the outside of their pants.

(960) Reading all these jokes, I guess chuck Norris is to Americans what Rajnikanth is to Indians.

(961) Chuck Norris once got into a fight with several men at once. He now has a ruptured spleen, ten broken bones, a damaged liver, a collapsed lung, a broken jaw and a squashed eye.

He has yet to RETURN THEM.

(962) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep, he waits.

(963) I think the fact that the internet loves him, but he still sells home health products on informercials at 3am is pretty funny.

(964) Chuck Norris actually died in 1985. The grim reeper is just too scared to tell him.

(965) chuck norris throwed a bomb in a bunch of people and killed them,20 seconds later the bomb exploded

(966) Chuck Norris won a staring contest with the sun.

(967) Once a girl lost her virginity , Chuck Norris brought it back.

(968) Chuck Norris threw a grenade that killed 50 people. Then it exploded.

(969) Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas to bed.

(970) Chuck Norris doesnt fart. Nothing escapes Chuck Norris.

(971) The boogeyman checks under his bed every night to make sure Chuck Norris isn't under there

(972) When Chuck Norris dives into a pool he doesnt get wet. The water gets Norrised.

(973) Once Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at Burger King. And he got it.

(974) Chuck Norris beat the sun in a staring contest.

(975) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin he built with his own two hands.

(976) Jesus may be able to walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(977) If Chuck Norris would have been a Spartan, the movie would have been called “1.”

(978) He's fast enough to run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head.

(979) Chuck Norris was born in the log cabin that he built.

(980) Chuck Norris doesn’t get frostbite. He bites frost.

(981) Chuck Norris can pop a wheelie on a unicycle

(982) Chuck Norris once made a bet with Superman. It's unknown what the bet exactly was, but the loser had to wear his underwear over his pants

(983) Chuck Norris doesn't dial the wrong number, you just pick up the wrong phone.

(984) NBC once sued Chuck Norris for copyright infringement. The station’s lawyers were unaware that Norris had already patented and copyrighted both of his legs: His left leg was named LAW and his right leg was named ORDER.

(985) Superman has Chuck Norris pajamas

(986) I heard someone say chuck has more than 3-4 actually good movies.

(987) Chuck Norris has a grizzly bear rug, it's not skinned it's just scared to move.

(988) It happened in the Cinema. When Chuck Norris phone rang, the crew paused the movie.

(989) Chuck Norris got a boner while laying on his stomach. He struck oil.

(990) Chuck norris is faster than his shadow

(991) Chuck Norris has a power outlet where his belly button is

(992) Chuck Norris once went to the Virgin Islands on holiday when he left they where just called the islands

(993) Chuck Norris was once bitten by a venomous Black Mamba.

After 2 agonizing days, the snake finally died.

(994) Chuck Norris is the joke. The real g.o.a.t. is REQUIS THE DEMIGOD

(995) Tons of Chuck Norris jokes and none about Bruce Lee.  Bruce Lee is no joke.

(996) If you work in an office with Chuck Norris, never ask for the 3-hole punch.

(997) Chuck norris doesn't read books, he stares them down till he gets the information be wants

(998) In his free time, Chuck Norris likes to knit sweaters. And by knit, I mean roundhouse kick, and by sweaters, I mean babies.

(999) When Alexander graham bell invented the telephone he realised he had 2 missed calls from Chuck Norris

(1000) Chuck Norris’s tears cure cancer…to bad he never cries.

Runner up:  under Chuck Norris’s beard, there isn’t a chin…but another fist

(1001) Not Chuck Norris, but the same style:

A Nigerian Prince once tried to scam Billy Mays. He is now on his 400th tube of Mighty Putty.

(1002) God said “Let there be light!”

Chuck Norris said “Say please.”

(1003) Chuck Norris doesn’t read books, he stares them down until they tell him what he wants to know…

(1004) Chuck Norris can ride a wheelie on a unicycle

(1005) Chuck Norris does not sleep, he waits.

(1006) Years ago, Chuck Norris fapped and ejaculated on a truck. We now know this truck as Optimus Prime.

(1007) Chuck Norris puts the laughter in manslaughter

(1008) Chuck Norris’s favorite breakfast is Kellogg’s Nails and Gravel.

(1009) Chuck Norris plays Jenga. With Stonehenge.

(1010) Chuck Norris doesn't dial a wrong number......You pick up the wrong phone

(1011) Chuck Norris was having sex in the back of a truck. Some of his semen dripped into the tail pipe, and that's how Optimus Prime was born.

(1012) When chuck norris jumps into water he doesn’t get wet, the water gets chuck norrised

(1013) Sure, Jesus could walk on water -- but Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(1014) When the Boogeyman goes to bed he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.

(1015) If you and chuck Norris have $5 each, he is richer than you

(1016) Only Chuck Norris knows Victoria’s Secret

(1017) You don’t find Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris finds you.

(1018) When the boogeyman goes to bed at night, he checks for Chuck Norris under his bed.

(1019) If they hired Chuck Norris to play Jack Bauer the show would be called 1.

(1020) Chuck Norris can chew beef jerky and blow bubbles with it. Also fun is to go on Google and in the search bar type Find Chuck Norris and click on I'm Feeling Lucky. A humorous error page will appear.

(1021) Chuck Norris didn't play a role in Titanic because he would save them all.

(1022) When Chuck Norris steps in a puddle, he doesn’t get wet. The puddle gets Chuck.

(1023) Behind Chuck Norris’ beard is another fist.

(1024) Chuck Norris doesn’t read book. He stares at them till they tell him everything he wants to know.

(1025) Cars look both ways before Chuck Norris crosses the road

(1026) Chuck Norris once peed in the fuel tank of a semi truck . That truck now calls itself  Optimus Prime

(1027) Chuck Norris can see the Sun at night

(1028) Chuck Norris can pick oranges from an apple tree and make the best lemonade you've ever tasted

(1029) Chuck Norris built the cabin that he was born in

(1030) Chuck Norris’ favorite vegetable is cactus.

(1031) Chuck Norris eats crayons and shits out masterpieces.

(1032) Chuck norris once threw a party.

About 300 miles.

(1033) Was it toxic masculinity?

(1034)  Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas to bed

(1035) Superman sleeps in chuck Norris pajamas

(1036) [The Ultimate Showdown of Ultimate Destiny](https://youtu.be/lrzKT-dFUjE): the funny joke is that he didn’t win; everything else in this thread is just true

(1037) Chuck Norris believes it's not butter.

(1038) Outer space exists because it is afraid to be on the same planet as Chuck Norris.

(1039) Chuck Norris can swim through land

(1040) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter

(1041) When chuck norris gives blood, he doesn't do it with a needle. He does it with a gun and a bucket.

(1042) What's under Chuck Morris's beard?

A fist.

(1043) When Chuck Norris does push-ups, he doesn’t go up, the world moves down

(1044) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin he built with his own two hands.

(1045) When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he’s pushing the Earth down.

(1046) The best chuck norris joke is the one you never heard because chuck didn’t deem any of us worthy.

(1047) When Chuck Norris has sex, he’s always on top, Chuck Norris never fucks up

(1048) When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone in 1876, he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris.

(1049) Chuck Norris has to much honor to steal your woman, but she'll never stop thinking about him.

(1050) Chuck Norris once killed 10 terrorists with a single roundhouse kick.

After that he farted.

(1051) Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky.

(1052) When Chuck Norris swims he doesn’t get wet, the water gets Chuck Norris.

(1053) On the first day, God proclaimed, “Let there be light!”. 

Chuck Norris replied, “Say please.”

(1054) Chuck Norris is incapable of vomiting because Chuck Norris only throws down. 

Mel Gibson originally wanted Chuck Norris to play Jesus in Passion of the Christ but the idea was scrapped because no one would believe Judas would betray him or that the Roman army could kill him.

Chuck Norris can pull himself up by his bootstraps.

Chuck Norris has never purchased gas, he stares at the car until it moves from sheer intimidation. 

There are no Chuck Norris pull-ups because Chuck Norris won't take shit from anyone.

Chuck Norris has no reflection because the mirror is too afraid to look him in the eye.

Chuck Norris has never read a book, he just glares at them until they tell him what he wants to know.

(1055) Chuck Norris once killed 25 terrorists with two bullets. The first was a warning shot

(1056) You never heard it because he killed you

(1057) When chuck norris was leaving for college he turned to his father and said " you're the man of the house now"

(1058) Chuck Norris once shot down an airplane by pointing his finger at it and saying "Bang!".

(1059) My husband says that cheap toilet paper is like Chuck Norris, don't take shit from anyone 😁

(1060) Jesus walks on water. Chuck Norris swims through land.

(1061) Chuck Norris once fell asleep on his stomach. He struck oil.

(1062) how much wood would a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck was Chuck Norris? fucking all of it!

(1063) When faced with an army, Chuck Norris pulled out two pistols and killed 200 people

Then he started shooting

(1064) Jesus walks on water. Chuck Norris swims through land

(1065) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father.

Chuck Norris doesn’t get wet, water gets Chuck Norris

(1066) It was once said (not by me) that my mentor eats Chuck Norris for breakfast. My mentor is pretty badass.

(1067) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(1068) I laugh at all Chuck Norris jokes, they're all good jokes sir. They are the best jokes actually.

(1069) Chuck Norris’s daughter lost  her virginity..He got it back.

(1070) Chuck Norris can belive it's not butter.

(1071) The fastest way to a man's heart is not food, its Chuck Norris' fist.

(1072) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups, he pushes the earth down

What’s the last things entering one of Chuck Norris’s victims minds? His fist 

Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.

(1073) Chuck Norris was dropped twice as a baby. Once on Hiroshima, once on Nagasaki.

(1074) Chuck Norris can reduce the entropy of a closed system

(1075) Chuck Norris can divide by zero. 

Chuck Norris found the last digit of Pi.

(1076) when chuck norris crosses the street. the vehicles check sideways first before passing the road.

(1077) Chuck Norris got COVID. COVID had to quarantine for a week so it wouldn't give Chuck Norris to anyone else.

(1078) Chuck Norris doesn't cut his grass.

He stands on his porch and dares it to grow.

(1079) Chuck Norris doesn't mow his lawn, he sits on the porch and dares it to grow.

(1080) When Chuck Norris attends a feminist rally, he comes back with his shirt ironed and a sandwich to eat.

(1081) Chuck Norris doesn't breathe, air hides in his lungs for protection.

(1082) Chuck Norris can slam revolving doors

(1083) Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding

(1084) Chuck Norris can run around the earth so fast he can punch himself in the back of the head.

Honestly if any of these jokes about Chuck Norris were real he would show up right now and bash my head into my keybajefoffkflrjrotjykfl.

(1085) They actually found that Chuck Norris' blood can cure cancer,  however they don't have a needle strong enough to penetrate his skin.

(1086) When Chuck Norris his parent had nightmares they came to his room

(1087) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

Chuck Norris counted to infinity... Twice.

(1088) Every year on his birthday, Chuck Norris gets to throw one lucky kid into the sun.

(1089)  Chuck Norris  landed on the sun. And he stayed there for 2 nights.

(1090) Chuck Norris can program a computer to solve the halting problem.

(1091) One time Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 5 people. Then the grenade exploded.

(1092) Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups he pushes the world down

(1093) Magnetic compasses don't point to true North. Instead, they point to Chuck Norris, who sits in a lawn chair with a megaphone shouting "jackets are for wimps!" at the Arctic Research Team.

(1094) Once Chuck Norris punched a bear. And the bear was totally fine, nothing happened to it. Totally alive and well.

-
-
-
--
-
-
-
-
Nope, Chuck Testa.

(1095) Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding

(1096) Chuck Norris can find a $100 bill in a corner of a circular room.

Chuck Norris can lap you in a 1lap race.

(1097) Chuck Norris doesn’t get sun burns.  When he takes off his shirt the Sun gets a Chuck Norris burn.

(1098) Chuck Norris doesn’t get frost bite he bites frost! And one I made up…. Chuck Norris was once bit by a dog, he round house kicked the little bastard in the face so hard he created a new breed, now known as the Pug.

(1099) Cowbell needs more Chuck Norris.

(1100) Chuck Norris warmed up the sun from his solar panel once.

(1101) Chick Norris invented the C-section when he round house kicked his way out of his mothers womb. 

Chuck Norris was having a wank and his sperm went into his trucks engine. Today that truck is known as Optimus Prime. 

Chuck Norris has divided by zero. Twice

(1102) How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if the wood chuck was Chuck Norris? All of it.

Chuck Norris can stand in a bucket then lift it up.

(1103) When Chuck Norris does a push-up, the world moves down.

(1104) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he goes No.1

(1105) You mean Chuck Norris Facts

(1106) Chuck Norris tried to start a toilet paper company, but it wouldn’t take shit from anyone

(1107) Chuck Norris shot down a helicopter by pointing at it and yelling bang

(1108) When Chuck Norris donates a blood, he declines the syringe and instead suggests a handgun and a bucket

(1109) When Chuck Norris goes swimming, he doesn't get wet, the water gets Chuck.

(1110) Chuck Noris doesn't swim, water just wants to be around him.

(1111) Father Christmas puts out mince pies the night before Chuck Norris brings him presents. Merry Chuckmas.

(1112) None

(1113) Chuck Norris doesn't trim his beard.  He delivers precision roundhouse kicks to his own face.  Only Chuck Norris can cut Chuck Norris.

(1114) When Chuck Norris does pushups he doesn't push himself up.  He pushes the earth down.

(1115) I've never heard any Chuck Norris jokes. Just facts.

(1116) Chuck Norris once ate 4 living turtles. When he shat them out they were 2m big and masters of the martial arts. This was the birth of the ninja turtles

(1117) Chuck Norris doesn't read books, he stares at them until they give him the information he wants.

(1118) Best comedic [cobra-bite](https://youtu.be/bS5P_LAqiVg) right here

(1119) Superman wears Chuck Norris PJs.

(1120) How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do?
All of them

(1121) Chuck Norris went to a fortune teller…to warn her.

(1122) The boogie man checks under his bed for Chuck Norris

(1123) Jesus can walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim through land

(1124) when Chuck Norris stands in water, he doesn't get wet. The water get's Chuck Norris.

(1125) Chuck Norris wears a live rattlesnake as condom.

(1126) Chuck Norris was the fourth wise man, who gave baby Jesus the gift of beard, which he carried with him until he died. The other three wise men were enraged by the preference that Jesus showed to Chuck's gift, and arranged to have him written out of the bible. All three died soon after of mysterious roundhouse-kick related injuries.

(1127) Chuck Norris sucks.

(1128) Chuck Norris can divide by zero.

(1129) Chuck Norris can slam revolving doors

(1130) Chuck Norris was once in a movie with Bruce Lee. They had to hire a stunt double so Bruce could win.

(1131) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(1132) Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is Hiding.

Every night the Boogeyman checks his closet for Chuck Norris

The Grim Reaper has had a near Chuck Norris experience.

(1133) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees

(1134) There's a rather specific one to where I live. Years ago there was this chain of hardware stores which advertised ALL THE TIME that they offer 20% on everything, except pet food.
So naturally, the joke goes Chuck Norris gets 20% on everything in the store, even pet food.
Written out it's kinda lame, but when you hear it in the style of the radio ads, it hits a nerve.

(1135) When god create the human, he asked Chuck Norris if Earth is okay to do it.

(1136) Do you know why chuck norris can’t travel on regular commercial flights? 

Because when he goes through security, HE IS the weapon.

(1137) Every year on his birthday, Chuck Norris chooses one lucky kid to be thrown into the sun…

(1138) Chuck Norris can speak Spanish in 3 different languages.

(1139) Chuck Norris once had sex in the cab of a tractor trailer, some of his love juices dripped into the engine compartment. Today we know that tractor trailer as Optimus prime.

(1140) Not Chuck Norris, but Jeff Dean (computer science). 

Jeff puts on his pants one leg at a time, but if he had more legs you'd see his approach is O(log n).

(1141) Chuck Norris is a homophobe

(1142) Chuck Norris and lance Armstrong had a ‘who has the most balls “ comparison. 

Chuck won by 5.

(1143) Chuck Norris was born through his aunt, cuz nobody can fuck Chuck Norris’ mother 🤣

(1144) Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he never cries.

(1145) Chuck Norris doesn’t hunt. He waits.

(1146) Chuck Norris doesn't actually do roundhouse kicks. 

What actually happens is that he simply extends one of his legs out, and with his foot on the ground, he rotates the entire planet with his ankle causing his foes to fly into his leg, not the other way around.

(1147) Chuck Norris and God were playing Poker. At one point God says "I bet the whole universe", Chuck Norris responds with a raise.

(1148) Chuck Norris was originally one of the biblical wise men.  He brought baby Jesus the gift of beard, which Jesus wore proudly his whole life.  The other three wise men, insulted by this favoritism, used their combined influence to have Chuck Norris removed from the bible.  All three later died round house kick related deaths.

(1149) Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris.

(1150) Chuck Norris can't breathe under water. He still does it.

(1151) Chuck Norris can parallel park a train.

(1152) Chuck Norris finger counted Pi to the last digit.

(1153) Chuck Norris is a Christian fundie who thinks he has the right to tell others how to live their lives.

(1154) Chuck Norris once ate an entire cake before his friends could tell him there was a stripper inside.

(1155) Of chuck norris is late, time better slow the fuck Down

(1156) Chuck Norris won the 1983 World Series of Poker despite holding only a Joker, a Get out of jail free Monopoly card, a 2 of clubs, 7 of spades, and a green No.4 Uno card.

(1157) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

(1158) chuck norris caught all the pokemon on a land line, chuck norris can divide by zero

(1159) Chuck Norris doesn’t teabag women, he potato sacks them.

(1160) Chuck Norris doesn't read he stares down books for the information he wants.

There is no theory if evolution just a list of animals Chuck Norris allowed to live. 

When Chuck Norris jumps into a pool he doesnt get wet,  the water gets Chuck Norris.

When god said "let there be light."  Chuck Norris said "say please."

(1161) When a zombie bites Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris doesn’t become a zombie… the zombie becomes Chuck Norris.

(1162) Long ago on vacation, Chuck Norris stumbled across a convent of nuns tucked deep in the Hills of Tuscany, Italy.

During his visit, Chuck Norris proceeded to impregnate over 50 of the nuns at this convent.

9 months later, those nuns gave birth to what would eventually grow up to be the entire 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only truly undefeated team in the history of the NFL.

(1163) Chuck Norris irons his dress shirts while he wears them.

(1164) How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris. ALL OF THEM!!!

(1165) Chuck Norris touched MC Hammer.

(1166) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pisses.

(1167) Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make him drink…

(1168) Chuck Norris doesn't need a ladder; Chuck Norris stands on his own shoulders.

(1169) Chuck Norris' parents threw him a surprise birthday party... once.

(1170) The boogie man checks under his for Chuck Norris

(1171) Chuck Norris measures his pulse in Richter

(1172) Chuck Norris once got in a knife fight. The knife lost.

(1173) Once time challenged Chuck Norris for a race. Time is still running.

(1174) Before Chuck Norris goes to sleep, he checks under the bed for Bruce Lee.

(1175) Chuck Norris Ranger-Rolls his Mitch.

Army joke!

(1176) Chuck Norris can unscramble eggs.

(1177) Chuck Norris doesn't sleep.  He passes out after two wine coolers.

(1178) How does chuck norris make his dick 22 inches?

He folds it in half

(1179) For in six days the Lord made the heavens and the earth, the sea, and all that is in them, in 1 minute Chuck Norris created the Lord.

(1180) Chuck Norris once ate an entire birthday cake before anyone could tell him there was a stripper inside.

The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is based on a true story. Chuck Norris once swallowed a turtle whole and when he shit it out it was 6ft tall and knew karate.

(1181) How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do? All of them.

(1182) Chuck Norris doesn’t chew beef jerky, he blows bubbles with it.

(1183) Chuck Norris once uppercut a horse. And that is how we now have Giraffes.

(1184) There are no Chuck Norris jokes.  He killed em all.

(1185) They tried to make a documentary about Chuck Norris but the technology to film it doesn’t exist.

(1186) How many pushups can Chuck Norris do? All of them.

(1187) Chuck Norris and Superman once had a fight. The loser had to wear his underwear outside his pants.

(1188) Chuck Norris doesn't sleep, he waits

(1189) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups, he does earth-downs

(1190) When he jumps in a pool, Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. The pool gets Chuck Norris.

(1191) Darkness sleeps with her lights on because she is afraid of Chuck Norris

(1192) When chuck Norris fell into the water he didn't get wet the water got Chuck Norris.

(1193) Chuck Norris wears a live rattlesnake for a condom. 


Toilets and doorknobs are but mere suggestions to Chuck Norris.

(1194) If you Google Chuck Norris it says, " you don't look for Chuck Norris. He looks for you."

(1195) Chuck Norris can sharpen a pen.

(1196) If Chuck Norris shaved his beard it would reveal, not a chin, but another fist.

(1197) Each year a single child is selected for Chuck Norris to toss into the sun.

(1198) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade which killed 12 people. Then it exploded.

(1199) When Chuck Norris takes a shower he doesn’t get wet, the water gets chucked.

(1200) Chuck norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't brave enough to attack him

(1201) Chuck Norris can dual-wield rocket launchers in Halo 2. Even more impressive, he can do it in Halo 1.

(1202) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(1203) When chuck Norris calls you, you can either accept or accept. There is no option to decline

(1204) Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make it drink.

(1205) Ahhh, Barren's chat all over again

(1206) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(1207) i could tell you but the joke is so powerful you would die of laughter

(1208) Do you know the Dead Sea? Chuck Norris killed it

(1209) Chuck Norris can connect 4 in 3 goes

(1210) Chuck Norris had sex before his Father did.

(1211) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade, killed 20 people, then the grenade blew up

(1212) Jesus Christ could walk on water.  This was thought of as impressive until it was discovered that Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(1213) Chuck Norris was there when Kennedy was shot. He jumped in front of the bullet and deflected it with his fist. Kennedy was so amazed that his head exploded.

(1214) Chuck Norris died 3 years ago. Death just hasn't worked up the courage to try to take him yet.

(1215) I have 2:

The boogeyman checks under his bed every night for Chuck Norris.

If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you, if you can’t see Chuck Norris, you may only be seconds away from death.

(1216) Chuck Shrugged

(1217) When Chuck Norris jumps in a lake he doesn’t get wet. The lake gets Chuck Norris

(1218) I always liked, "When Chuck Norris does push ups he's actually pushing the Earth down."

(1219) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pisses.

(1220) People aren’t hung like horses, horses are hung like Chuck Norris.

(1221) Chick Norris can slam a revolving door

(1222) Chuck Norris flunked God in religious studies

(1223) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 20 men, then the grenade exploded.

(1224) Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect 4 in 3 moves.

(1225) Chuck Norris doesn’t cut his grass. He dares it to grow.

(1226) when Alexander Grahm Bell invented the telephone, it had a miss call from Chuch Norris.

(1227) Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the shit out of it

(1228) Chuck Norris once ate his birthday cake so quickly his friends didn’t have time to tell him about the stripper inside.

(1229) I have two:

Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad. 

Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups, he does earth downs.

(1230) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(1231) That gave me a Chuckle Norris

(1232) Chuck Norris’ favorite cereal is Kellogg’s Nails & Gravel.

(1233) When he was young, Chuck Norris didn’t check under his bed for monsters. Monsters checked under their beds for Chuck Norris

(1234) Op is literally asking for reposted jokes

(1235) How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris?  All of it.

(1236) When it rains, Chuck Norris doesn’t get wet, he gets even

(1237) Chuck Norris traded his soul to the Devil for his rugged good looks and uncanny martial arts abilities. 
Immediately after, Chuck Norris roundhoused the Devil so hard he stole his soul back. 
The Devil, appreciating the irony, forgave him. 
They now play poker on Tuesdays

(1238) There is no theory of evolution. Only animals Chuck Norris allows to live.

(1239) You people are forgetting something:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmgcqOM9rG0

(1240) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 50 people. Then the grenade exploded.

(1241) What's the difference between Chuck Norris and a 200lb bag of shit?

The bag.

(1242) Chuck Norris was a guest on celebrity wheel of fortune. He went first. The next 2 hours was filled with people waiting for it to stop

(1243) The grass is always greener on the other side; unless Chuck Norris has been there, in which case it’s filled with blood and tears.

(1244) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 30 people. Then the grenade exploded...

(1245) Chuck Norris can speak Braille

(1246) When God said, "Let there be light!", Chuck Norris said, "Say please...."

(1247) Jesus could walk on water?  Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(1248) Chuck norris can swim through land

(1249) Chuck norris can draw f(x)=i

(1250) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(1251) The big bang was chuck norris roundhouse kicking god in the face

(1252) Jesus could walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land!

(1253) The best one I've heard - When Chuck Norris' father was born, Chuck Norris was already there with towel and warm water

(1254) When monsters go to bed, they check beforehand if Chuck Norris is beneath their bed

(1255) Chuck Norris' tears can cure cancer.

Too bad he never cries.

(1256) Chuck Norris grinds his coffee with his teeth and boils the water with his rage.

(1257) The force from one of Chuck Norris' roundhouse kicks can generate enough energy to power the entire continent of Australia for 20 minutes.

(1258) When Chuck Norris does push ups he pushes the world down.

(1259) Ummmmmmm am I missing out? I really don't understand what Chuck Norris jokes are 😅

(1260) Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC for trademark infringement as Law and Order are the names of his left and right legs.

(1261) Chuck Norris can slam revolving doors.

(1262) Chuck Norris’ tears cure cancer. Too bad he’s never cried.

Also: Chuck Norris once threw a grenade that killed 50 people. Then it exploded.

(1263) Chuck Norris wins every race, even the ones he's not in.  Everybody else is competing for second place.

(1264) It took three women two days to give birth to Chuck Norris

(1265) Chuck Norris can speak Braille

(1266) Someone once asked Chuck Norris how many pushups he could do. He said "All of them".

(1267) When Chuck Norris jumps in a pool he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris'd

(1268) Chuck Norris was birthed by his aunt because no one dared to bang his mom

(1269) Chuck Norris did a roundhouse kick so fast, his heel went back in time and killed the dinosaurs.

(1270) When Chuck Norris goes to bed, first he checks for Bruce Lee in his closet.

(1271) Chuck Norris once ate an entire birthday cake before his friends could warn him that there was a stripper hiding inside.

(1272) Chuck Norris can order a Big Mac at a Burger King.

(1273) I used to watch Texas ranger when I was younger and I enjoyed it.
It's been so long that I don't remember much from it and it's so strange to hear these jokes about him.
I wonder why this became a thing.

(1274) This is how I find out Chuck Norris died?

(1275) The only time Chuck Norris was wrong was when he thought he made a mistake.

Or

Chuck Norris's dick as a dick that's bigger than your dick.

(1276) When Chuck Norris does push ups...he pushes the planet.

(1277) When chuck norris gets into water he doesnt get wet , the water gets chuck norris,

Another favourite, chuck norris has a diary , that diary is known as the guiness book of records

(1278) A bullet will kill your body, a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris will destroy your soul

(1279) Chuck Norris can talk about Fight Club

(1280) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(1281) Chuck Norris once had a fight with Superman. The loser had to wear his underwear on top.

(1282) Anyone can piss on the floor…Chuck Norris shits on the ceiling.

(1283) Aww… Chuck Norris delivered our graduation speech! I love these jokes!

(1284) Chuck Norris actually died some years ago, but nobody has dared to tell him.

(1285) When having sex, Chuck Norris is always on top, because he never screws up.

(1286) The chief export of Chuck Norris is pain

(1287) Crop circles are just Chuck Norris’ way of saying that sometimes corn needs to lie the fuck down

(1288) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 50 people. Then the grenade exploded.

(1289) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(1290) Jesus can walk on water but chuck norris can swim through land

(1291) Behind every fist is a homophobic racist asshole.

(1292) When chuck norris does a push up, he doesnt push his body up, he pushes the world down.

(1293) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he takes a piss.

(1294) For the best chuck Norris jokes you have to go to the barrens in wow.

(1295) The dinosaurs went extinct because they looked at Chuck Norris funny.

(1296) Jesus walked on water, but Chuck Norris swims thru earth.

Did you know Chuck Norris has a bear skin rug? The bears not dead, he's just too afraid to move.

(1297) Chuck Norris caught all the pokemon.... from a land line.

(1298) Jesus walks on water.

Chuck Norris swims through land.

(1299) Chuck Norris’ tears can cure cancer, too bad he has never cried.

Kids wear Superman shirts, Superman wears a Chuck Norris shirt.

If you can see Chuck Norris then he can see you, if you can’t see Chuck Norris then you are seconds away from death.

(1300) When God said "Let there be light", Chuck Norris told him "You forgot to say please".

(1301) When Chuck Norris was 10 years old he left his house to make his fortune.  On that day he turned to his father and said, "you're the man of the house now."

(1302) Jesus may have walked on water, but Chuck Norris swam through land.

(1303) Straight after Chuck Norris was born he shook the Doctors hands, thanked them each individually and then drove his Mom home.

(1304) When Alexander Graham Bell invented phone, he already had 13 missed calls from Chuck Norris

(1305) Chuck Norris once revived a CPR training dummy.

(1306) For some reason this one always gets me, it's honestly not really funny but it just works for me. When chuck Norris pitches a baseball he doesn't throw it, he just lets go and rotates the earth 60 feet and 6 inches underneath it

(1307) Chuck Norris ' tears cure cancer. Too bad he never cries.

(1308) If Chuck Norris is running late, time better slow the fuck down!

(1309) Chuck Norris's dick is so big, it has its own dick. And Chuck Norris's dick's dick is still bigger than your dick.

(1310) Every year, Chuck Norris picks one lucky winner to be roundhouse kicked directly into the sun

(1311) Chuck Norris walked into a bank and sneezed and three women got pregnant

(1312) Chuck Norris can plug in a USB correctly 100% of the time.

(1313) The automobile was invented to escape Chuck Norris.
Not to be out done, Chuck Norris invented the automobile accident.

(1314) Coronavirus had to get a Chuck Norris vaccine.

(1315) Chuck Norris doesn't go hunting, because the word hunting implies the possibility of failure. Chuck Nortis goes killing.

(1316) Where did Chuck Norris eat dinner?
Wendy's

(1317) Chuck Norris can speak braille.

(1318) Chuck Norris's urine is collected, packaged, and sold as an energy drink. You probably know it as Red Bull.

(1319) Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter.

(1320) Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin behind his beard. Its another fist.

(1321) >You cure cancer with your tears.  Well tell me, Chuck: How come you never sat down and cried on your career?

~Abraham Lincoln, Epic Rap Battles Of History

(1322) Chuck Norris doesn't read. He stares down books until they give him the information he wants.

(1323) Chuck Norris went to McDonald's and ordered a Whopper and got one.

(1324) Chuck Norris once beat a man to death with his own corpse

(1325) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups. He does earth downs.

(1326) Giraffes didn't exist until Chuck Norris kicked a horse

(1327) Chuck Norris is 7 feet tall; kills men by the hundreds. And if HE were here, he'd consume the English with fire from his eyes, and bolts of lightening from his arse.

(1328) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(1329) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(1330) Chuck Norris is the only person to ever tie both his shoes with his feet. 

He was also the only person tough enough to date Bruce Lee's sister Ug.

(1331) Chuck Norris once had a toilet paper line. It failed because they didn’t take shit from anyone

(1332) Crop circles are Chuck Norris' way of telling corn that sometimes it needs to lay the fuck down.

(1333) Chuck Norris can create a stone so heavy even he can't lift it. He lifts it anyway.

(1334) Natural selection isnt really natural. Its Chuck Norris making all the decisions.

(1335) Chuck norris can slam a revolving door

(1336) They once named a street after Chuck Norris, but had to change the name shortly after because nobody whose ever crossed chuck Norris has lived.

(1337) Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.

Chuck Norris once won a game of Connect Four in three moves

(1338) From a tshirt I have “ after a night of drinking chuck doesn’t throw up … chuck throws down “  picture him rolling up his sleeves

(1339) Chuck Norris tells the time by staring directly into the sun

(1340) It is rumored that Wilt Chamberlain slept with over 1000 women in his lifetime. Chuck Norris calls this a slow Tuesday.

(1341) Chuck Norris has counted to infinity. Twice.

(1342) How many pushups can Chuck Norris do? 
All of them.

(1343) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

(1344) Chuck Noris was bitten by a Black Mamba. After 3 days of AGONIZING pain, the snake died.

(1345) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father

(1346) If Jesus can walk on water chuck norris can swim through land

(1347) Chuck Norris sank the Titanic by hitting it with his pedalboat

(1348) When Chuck Norris stares into the abyss, the abyss gets scared and runs away.

(1349) Chuck Norris went back in time and saved JFK by blocking the bullets with his beard. JFK's head still exploded in sheer amazement.

(1350) Chuck Norris won the 1993 World Series of Poker holding only a Joker, a 2 of clubs, 7 of diamonds, a Get out of jail free Monopoly card, and a draw 4 wild Uno card.

(1351) Godzilla and King Kong had a showdown to see who was the true alpha Kaiju. Chuck Norris won.

(1352) Chuck Norris is the only person that can kick in a revolving door!

(1353) You know how kids piss their names in snow?

Chuck Norris pisses his name in concrete

(1354) Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin behind his beard, only another fist.

(1355) Anyone can piss on the floor but Chuck Norris can shit on the ceiling.

Jesus may have walked on water but Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(1356) Did you know that Chuck Norris was in all of the Star Wars movies? He was the Force.

(1357) Years ago, I tried explaining Chuck Norris jokes to my dad and he just scoffed, saying that Bruce Lee could take Chuck Norris any day of the week. I asked, "then why aren't there any Bruce Lee jokes?" "Because Bruce Lee is no laughing matter."

(1358) Chuck Norris once choked a man to death with a cordless phone.

(1359) Chuck Norris is so fast he can run around the world and kick himself in the back of the head

(1360) Chuck Norris was dropped twice as a baby, once on Hiroshima and once on Nagasaki.

(1361) Chuck Norris once choked out a man with a cordless phone.

(1362) Chuck Norris can unscramble eggs.

Idk why but that one makes me giggle every time!

(1363) Each of Chuck Norris' balls is bigger than the other one.

(1364) A doctor told Chuck Norris that his sperm tested positive for steroids. He said of course, what do you think they make steroids out of?

(1365) Chuck Norris once pissed in the fuel tank of a tractor trailer. Today that truck is known as Optimus Prime.

(1366) None

(1367) Chuck Norris doesn’t have a chin under his beard. Only another fist.

(1368) When he does press ups he actually pushes the earth down

(1369) Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a horse in the face, its descendants are now called the giraffe.

(1370) Chuck Norris doesn't hunt.  Hunting implies the possibility of failure.  Chuck Norris goes killing.

(1371) Chuck Norris has counted to infinity. Twice.

(1372) When Chuck Norris jumps in a lake, he doesn't get wet. The lake gets Chuck Norris.

(1373) Chuck Norris doesn't have a beard, those are just the roots of  his teeth

(1374) I had a whole entire poster of Chuck Norris jokes from Walmart when I was a kid. There was some really fuckin funny ones on [here](https://images.app.goo.gl/Esgj3NXV4KgzoyLL9)

(1375) Chuck Norris once ate an entire cake before his friends could tell him there was a stripper in it.

(1376) I heard this one in 1989 when it was on Star Trek, and I’m sure it wasn’t new then either

> RIKER: This bug is persistent, I'll admit that. But I'm not worried. We Rikers are ornery, too. As a matter of fact, my great grandfather once got bit by a rattlesnake. After three days of intense pain, the snake died.

(1377) Chuck Norris uses a live rattlesnake as a condom

(1378) Chuck Norris uses a stunt double for his crying scenes

(1379) Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups. He pushes the earth down.

(1380) Chuck Norris was bitten by a zombie and the zombie turned into Chuck Norris

(1381) When Alexander Bell invited the telephone, he had a missed call from Chuck Norris.

(1382) Chuck Norris narrates Morgan Freeman's Thoughts. (I believe this was from Eric Andre)

(1383) Chuck Norris doesn't read books: he stares them down until he gets the information he wants.

(1384) Not sure.  Haven't heard one for 14 years

(1385) I met him and his mother at an ICHF seminar in Chicago years back. I asked him what he thought about chuck Norris jokes, and he said he adores them. I told him that I once saw chuck Norris gargle peanut butter. He just smiled.

(1386) Chuck Norris was fucking his girlfriend in his truck one night, pulled out and came everywhere.  Some of his sperm got into the engine block....

We now know this truck as Optimus Prime.

(1387) I heard one time on a movie set there was a little baby lamb that fell over and stopped breathing.  Chuck Norris ran over and gave the little lamb CPR.  The whole movie crew couldn’t believe it when he brought the lamb back to life!  The little guy got back on his hooves and chuck stood up and round house that little bastard so hard, killing it instantly.  Moral of the story is the good Chuck giveth, and the good Chuck taketh.

(1388) When Chuck Norris goes for a swim he doesn't get wet the water gets Chuck Norris.

(1389) Chuck Norris isn’t hung like a horse. Horses are hung like chuck norris.

(1390) Chick norris sold his soul to the devil as a young man for awesome kung fu skills and rugged good looks, the devil eventually came to claim his soul, but the devil got roundhouse kicked in the face and sent back to hell. They now play poker every second Tuesday of the month and are great friends

(1391) Chuck Norris doesn't turn the light on, he turns the dark off.

(1392) Chuck Norris doesn't tea bag his hookers.  He potato sacks them.

Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees.

(1393) In soviet russia, gulag afraid of chuck norris

(1394) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with an erection........there were no survivors.

(1395) There is no chin behind Chuck Norris' beard, only another fist.

(You'll might enjoy Talker Texas Ranger USA, the only podcast made by captives of Chuck Norris held in a bunker deep underground.)

(1396) Chuck Norris can believe it's not butter

(1397) Chuck Norris and Lance Armstrong got in a contest to see who had the most testicles.

Chuck Norris won by five.

(1398)  Chuck Norris doesn't sleep, he waits......

(1399) Chuck Norris was actually the fourth Wiseman. He gave the baby Jesus the gift of "Beard." Jesus wore it proudly til his dying day. The other Wiseman grew jealous of Jesus favor towards Chuck Norris and used their combined influence to have him omitted from the Gospels. All three died years later from round-house related kicks to the head.

(1400) There are no doors in Chuck Norris's house; only walls that he walks through

(1401) The classic: when Chuck Norris does push-ups he doesn't move up, the planet moves down.

(1402) Chuck Norris doesn't turn the light on, he turns the darkness off

Morty

(1403) Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter.

(1404) Why didn't they ever name toilet paper after chuck Norris. because Chuck doesn't take no shit!

(1405) Chuck norris approached the pearly gates, God got up and told him he was keeping his seat warm until he arrived

(1406) Chuck visited the Virgin Islands once, they are now known as The Islands.

(1407) Chuck norris. Un phased by the storm that lay ahead rode on as the storm would  part from his path no matter his direction.

(1408) Chuck Norris wears cowboy boots made from real cowboys.

(1409) chuck norris´s cat rescued 2 firefighters from a tree

(1410) Chuck Norris had sex in the cab of an 18 wheeler. 9 months later Optimus Prime was born

(1411) Chuck once pee'd in someone's gas tank as a prank. . . That truck is now known as Optimus Prime.

(1412) Chuck Norris is no hero, he's just an ordinary actor. If he's even half as powerful as he poses, he'd come here and smack my head on the keybo he rjlaksghebhd f dhgssveudjif agghsn fjsonebhs )78j7hvgyjvghjj

.
.
.
.
.

Mind it!

(1413) Chuck Norris can dribble a bowling ball.

(1414) Chuck Norris once killed a bird by throwing it off a cliff.

(1415) Chuck norris can speak spanish in english

(1416) Every can pee to the floor. But only Chuck can shit the ceiling.

(1417) Chuck Norris is the only man in the world who can punch you in the back of the face.

Chuck Norris does not style his hair. It lies perfectly in place out of sheer terror.

Chuck Norris grinds his coffee with his teeth and boils the water with pure rage.

Chcuk Norris once set a world record for Farthest Distance Travelled by a Cowboy Boot Up A Terrorist's Ass.

Chuck Norris doesn't sleep. He waits.

The Boogeyman checks his closet for Chuck Norris.

Chuck Norria doesn't do push-ups. He does Earth-downs.

Chuck Norris once fucked his wife on the hood of a Ford F-150. His semen travelled into the engine, and that's how Optimus Prime was born.

(1418) Chuck Norris threw a Granada and it killed 20 people. And then it exploded

(1419) Chuck Norris travelled through time and stopped the JFK assassination by blocking the bullets with his beard.  JFK saw this and his head exploded in amazement.

(1420) Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding.

Damn I miss barrens chat…

(1421) When it rains, Chuck Norris doesn’t get wet. The rain gets Chuck Norrised.

(1422) Chuck Norris tears are the cure for most diseases. Too bad he never cries.

(1423) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

If you have 5 dollars and Chuck Norris has 5 dollars, Chuck Norris has more money than you.

(1424) Chuck Norris can slam revolving doors.

(1425) when chuck norris does push ups, he doesnt push himself up - he pushes the ground down.

(1426) Each of Chuck Norris' testicles is larger than the other.

(1427) Chuck Norris’s bones can break sticks and stones

(1428) Chuck Norris is a joke. His views on weed are ridiculous!

https://www.creators.com/read/chuck-norris/01/14/alcohol-vs-marijuana-part-1-683f2

(1429) A lot of people think the opposite of fire is water, but Chuck Norris knows the opposite of fire is no fire.

(1430) Chuck Norris doesn't do push-ups.  He pushes the Earth down.

(1431) When Chuck Norris jumps in the lake for a swim, Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. The lake gets Chuck Norris.

(1432) The teenage mutant ninja turtles are based on a true story. Chuck Norris once ate turtle soup and when he crapped out out the turtle a week later it was 6 foot tall and had learned karate.

(1433) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups, he does earth downs.

(1434) Voldemort calls Chuck Norris, he-who-must-not-be-named.

(1435) Chick Norris can believe it’s not butter.

(1436) Chuck Norris can ignite a fire by rubbing two icecubes

(1437) Chuck Norris doesn’t flush the toilet. He just scares the shit out of it. 

Chuck Norris once threw a grenade that killed 10 people.  Then it exploded.

(1438) Chuck Norris’ calendar goes from March 31st to April 2nd. Nobody fools Chuck Norris.

(1439) An immovable object met an irresistible force when Chuck Norris punched himself in the face.

(1440) Timeline

- Chuck Norris receives his first black belt

- Chuck Norris grows his beard

- Chuck Norris celebrates his first birthday

(1441) [Chuck Norris : Jokes of himself and by HIMSELF](https://youtu.be/Q9S175wD7dg)

(1442) Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.

Chuck Norris makes onions cry.

(1443) Chuck Norris was once unarmed, surrounded by 20 men armed with automatic weapons. The situation looked hopeless, but chuck let them go.

(1444) Scientists have put cloning on hold, realizing that one Chuck Norris roundhouse could collide with another, thus ending existence.

(1445) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees.

(1446) When Chuck Norris does a push up, he doesn't push himself up, he pushes the earth down.

(1447) Chuck Norris once got drunk and took a piss in trucks fuel tank, that truck is now known as Optimus Pride

(1448) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(1449) Chuck Norris just pissed your pants.

(1450) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 20 people. Then, the grenade exploded.

(1451) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees.

(1452) What is behind Chuck Norris' beard?

Another fist.

(1453) I had a dream I was fighting chuck norris, I woke up with a black eye

(1454) Chuck Norris don't follow rules, rules follow him.

(1455) OP, that's my favorite one too. Made even better when Chuck Norris said it in The Expendables 2.

(1456) When Chuck Norris does push up's he push's the world down.

(1457) If you play “Stairway to Heaven” backwards, you can hear Chuck banging your sister.

(1458) The only hand that can beat a royal flush in poker is Chuck Norris’s hand

(1459) Chuck Norris’ cowboy boots are made out of real cowboys.

(1460) Chuck Norris knew what Willis was talkin' 'bout!

(1461) Every year on his birthday he chooses one lucky child to throw into the sun.

(1462) Geico saved 15% by switching to Chuck Norris.

Chuck Norris doesnt go hunting, CHUCK NORRIS GOES KILLING!

Chuck Norris once did a roundhouse kick so fast it went back in time and kicked Albert Einstein in the face.  We now know Albert Einstein as Stephen Hawking (this one hasnt aged well, but it's so stupid it makes me laugh)

(1463) Oh look, Barrens chat has entered Reddit again!

When Chuck Norris does a push up, he pushes the Earth down.

(1464) Chuck Norris drove to Florida and hurricane Ian lost power.

(1465) Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(1466) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.

(1467) I drink my coffee like Chuck Norris: black and without water.

(1468) Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg

(1469) Chuck Norris pissed in a truck gas tank….Optimus Prime was born.

(1470) There was once a street named after Chuck Norris; but they had to rename it.  Because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.

(1471) That picture of a big sliced rock with the demotivational "CHUCK NORRIS WAS HERE, AND HE CHOSE SCISSORS" and another demotivational saying "SINCE WHEN DID SCISSORS BEAT ROCK?" and then a third one saying "SINCE CHUCK NORRIS CHOSE SCISSORS"

(1472) Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin, just a third fist.

(1473) When The Incredible Hulk gets mad he turns into Chuck Norris.

(1474) Chuck Norris once jumped into a lake. He didn't get wet, the water got Chucked.

(1475) Chuck norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the shit out of it

(1476) Chuck Norris's dick has a dick, and it's bigger than yours.

(1477) Chuck Norris once killed 3 people with a grenade. And then it exploded.

(1478) If you have $5 and Chuck Norris has 5$, Chuck Norris has more money than you

(1479) Chuck Norris can believe it’s not butter

(1480) Chuck Norris can believe it’s not butter.

(1481) it wasn’t a meteor that extinct the dinosaurs, it was Chuck Norris’s ultimate roundhouse kick.

(1482) Chuck Norris doesn't teabag people, he potato sacks them.

(1483) Chuck Norris only has two speeds. Walk. And kill.

(1484) Chuck Norris can kick a fart back into an ass

(1485) Chuck Norris has two speeds. Walk and kill

(1486) Guy made book of Chuck Norris jokes. Sued by Chuck Norris.

(1487) Chuck Norris is 1/8th Cherokee. Not by ancestry, the man ate a fucking Indian.

(1488) Chuck Norris doesn't eat honey, he chews bees.

(1489) When god said “let there be light”, Chuck Norris swiftly round house kicked him and said “say please”.

(1490) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep. He waits.

(1491) Chuck Norris’s tears contain the cures to every illness. Unfortunately, Chuck Norris never cries.

(1492) No joke:  When I went through basic training, you were only permitted to have religious reading material.  The classes before us sometimes left theirs behind. On the shelf there was a few Bibles, and a book of Chuck Norris jokes.

(1493) Chuck Norris, he simply walks into Mordor.

(1494) Nope

Chuck Testa

(1495) When the boogeyman goes to bed he checks the closet for Chuck Norris

(1496) Chuck Norris' daughter lost her virginity and the next day, Chuck Norris got it back.

(1497) Chuck Norris invented steaks when he roundhouse kicked a cow at a chainlink fence.

(1498) Chuck Norris attacks sharks when he smells them bleed. And Chuck Norris doesn't swim, water just wants to be around him.

(1499) Chuck Norris is a hateful piece of shit and the world will be better off without him

(1500) Chuck Norris built a time machine and went back in time to stop the JFK assassination. As Oswald shot, Chuck Norris met all three bullets with his beard, deflecting them. JFK’s head exploded out of sheer amazement.

(1501) When Chuck Norris falls in water, Chuck Norris doesn’t get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris.

(1502) Chuck Norris didn’t dial the wrong number, you just picked up the wrong phone

(1503) They say Chuck Norris' tears could cure cancer. Too bad he's never cried...

(1504) Chuck Norris can roast marshmallows on the fireplace channel.

(1505) Chuck Norris has never been in the wrong place at the wrong time. Know why, he can't be.  

Chuck Norris once parallel parked a freight train.

(1506) If you can see chuck norris, chuck Norris can see you. If you can’t see chuck norris, you may be only seconds away from death

(1507) Chuck Norris drinks peanut butter on the go

(1508) There’s no such thing as global warming. Chuck Norris was cold so he turned the sun up.

(1509) Chuck Norris started his own toilet paper line that quickly failed because it didn’t take shit from anyone.

(1510) Chuck Norris and Superman once made a bet during arm wrestling where the loser had to wear his underwear outside his pants

(1511) If you can see Chuck Norris he can see you, if you can’t see Chuck Norris you are seconds away from death.

(1512) Chuck Norris can swim through land

(1513) Jesus walked on water, Chuck Norris swam on land.

(1514) Chuck Norris kicked a revolving door shut.

(1515) Chuck Norris does not go hunting.

The word 'hunt' implies a chance of failure.

Chuck Norris goes killing.

(1516) When he goes in water, chuck Norris doesn’t get wet, it’s the water that get Chuck Norrised…

(1517) Chuck Norris once ate 10 reams of paper and shit out 100 paper cranes and Mr. Miyagi.

(1518) Chuck Norris can do a wheelie...on a unicycle

(1519) I've never heard Chuck Norris jokes, but I've heard an awful lot of facts about him.

(1520) My favorite: Chuck Norris' orgasm leaves an exit wound.

(1521) Jesus can walk on water.

Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(1522) (as told by Chuck to Sly in *Expendables 2*)

(1523) Chuck Norris makes onions cry

(1524) The only thing Chuck Norris is afraid of is a Will Smith slap!

(1525) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(1526) This is the thread I needed today. Nostalgia overload

(1527) There was a street named after Chuck Norris that had to immediately be changed due to pedestrian crossing deaths. Why??? No one crosses Chuck Norris and lives.

(1528) Chuck norris once urinated into the petrol tank of his car the car is now known as megatron

(1529) There is no chin under Chuck Norris’s beard just another fist.

(1530) Chuck Norris can pick apples from an orange tree and make the best lemonade you’ve ever tasted.

(1531) Jesus could walk on water , but Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(1532) Chuck Norris masturbates to pictures of himself masturbating.

(1533) chuck norris tears cure cancer. its just a shame the man has never cried.

(1534) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade which killed 8 people. Then it exploded.

(1535) How many push ups can chuck norris do?
All of them

(1536) We can piss our name in snow, but Chuck Norris can piss his in concrete

(1537) Chuck Norris **can** believe it's not butter.

(1538) Jesus can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land

(1539) How much wood would a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could Chuck Norris?

All of it.

(1540) Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris

(1541) Chuck Norris once urinated in a truck's gas tank as a joke. 
That truck is now known as Optimus Prime.

Edit: corrected the joke

(1542) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door!

(1543) Chuck Norris doesn’t water his grass. He simply watches it and wills it to grow.

(1544) How many pushups did chuck Norris do?

##All of them.

(1545) Chuck Norris?   Never heard of her.

(1546) I don't think Chuck Norris jokes can be funny without proper explanation. Watch: [Chuck Norris died!](https://youtu.be/iIHzTNS-cpQ)

(1547) Chuck Norris once went to Burger King, ordered a Big Mac AND GOT IT.

(1548) Chuck Norris and Superman had a fight, the loser had to wear their underwear on the outside of their clothes.

(1549) When Chuck Norris jumps into a pool he doesn't get wet, the water gets Chuck Norrised.

(1550) When Chuck Norris scuba dives he swims as deep as he wants, because Chuck Norris *never* feels pressure.

(1551) what does Chuck Norris drink in a cafe?
-coffee.

(1552) Chuck Norris can close revolving doors.

(1553) Chuck Norris doesn't sleep, he waits.

(1554) I made one up… Chuck Norris is so ahead of his time, he was on The Today Show, tomorrow.

(1555) Chuck Norris won a tour de france on a peloton.

(1556) I love how he talks to the bus driver during the drive

(1557) The Sahara used to be a forest until Chuck Norris lit a fart.

(1558) Chuck Norris has 5 kids with 7 different women.

(1559) Visual joke: https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https://i.pinimg.com/originals/ba/91/6d/ba916d53b116f0fa102d16a6088781d5.jpg&imgrefurl=https://www.pinterest.com/pin/4855512069825165/&docid=O3ByLqHGchmbgM&tbnid=k3n8Fd-vON6JHM&vet=1&w=527&h=448&hl=en-US&source=sh/x/im

(1560) Chuck Norris sued the creators of the movie Brokeback Mountain for using the name of the pile of dead ninjas on his front lawn.

(1561) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups, he does world-downs

(1562) Chuck Norris always knows the precise location of Carmen Sandiego.

(1563) When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone he had three missed calls from Chuck Norris.

(1564) Chuck Norris always knows the precise location of Carmen Sandiego.

(1565) I was a whitewater guide back in the day, and the first person I ever swam out of my boat was Chuck Norris. Not THE Chuck Norris, a larger version. When I got back to do the paperwork I was told “when Chuck Norris falls in the river he doesn’t get wet, the river gets Chuck Norris’d”

(1566) Chuck Norris was born in a house that he built.

(1567) The movie Anaconda was shot inside Chuck Norris' pants.

(1568) God originally planned for 8 days to create the Earth, but Chuck Norris only allowed him 7.

(1569) Chuck Norris can delete the recycling bin

(1570) Chuck Norris's tears cure cancer. Too bad he never cries.

(1571) Chuck Norris’ tears cure cancer, unfortunately Chuck Norris has never cried

(1572) Chuck Norris knows Victoria's Secret

(1573) When Chuck Norris does push-ups the world goes down.

(1574) Chuck Norris didn't have a normal birth. He instead punched his way out of his mother's womb and shortly thereafter grew a beard.

(1575) Chuck Norris sold his soul to the devil for his rugged good looks and unparalleled martial arts ability. Shortly after the transaction was finalized, Chuck roundhouse kicked the devil in the face and took his soul back. The devil, who appreciates irony, couldn't stay mad and admitted he should have seen it coming. They now play poker every second Wednesday of the month.

(1576) Chuck Norris’s tears cure cancer, but he’s never cried, so…

(1577) Chuck Norris delivers more male with one thrust of his pelvis than the U.S. Postal Service and the Pony Express have combined for the last 146 years.

(1578) When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone in 1876 he had a missed call from Chuck Norris

(1579) Yeh I get it Chuck Norris is impressive but Spongebob can have a barbecue under water.

(1580) Chuck Norris doesn't get wet while swimming. The water gets Chuck.

(1581) Chuck Norris once pissed into the gas tank of a truck.

That truck's name is now Optimus Prime.

(1582) Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups. He pushes the world down.

(1583) Saving

(1584) Chuck Norris' dick is so big that it has it's own dick - and that dick, his dicks dick, is still bigger than yours.

(1585) Once, Chuck got bitten by a King Cobra then after 7 antagonizing days. The King Cobra died.

(1586) See the gold mine that is the comment section of this post?

Yeah, it's all his work, we are just reposting what he made.

(1587) Chuck Norris is no joke.

(1588) Chuck Norris traded his soul to the Devil for rugged good looks and unparalleled martial arts abilities.

He then roundhouse kicked the devil in the face and took his soul back.

The Devil couldn’t stay mad at him. They now play poker the first Wednesday of each month in Chuck Norris’ den.

(1589) Chuck Norris once shot down an airplane by pointing at it in the sky and shouting “Bang!”

(1590) Chuck Norris and Lance Armstrong had a “who has more balls” contest.

Chuck Norris won by 4…

(1591) Chuck Norris does, in fact, live in a Round House.

(1592) Chuck Norris once ate an entire cake before anyone could tell him there was a stripper inside it

(1593) chick norris fucked a blender

(1594) Not so much a joke but went to a chili cook off and the hottest one was called "Chuck Norris' Oatmeal"

(1595) As dumb as it is, I always loved the joke "When Chuck Norris jumps into a pool, he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris'd."

(1596) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(1597) Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups. He pushes the world down.

(1598) When his daughter lost her virginity, Chuck Norris found it and put it back.

(1599) What does Chuck Norris see when he looks in the mirror?  Nothing! There can’t be two Chuck Norrises!

(1600) Chuck Norris don't check time. He decides what the time is.

(1601) Chuck Norris divided by zero and counted to infinite twice.

(1602) Chuck Norris doesn’t teebag. He potato sacks.

(1603) Chuck Norris could beat Bruce lee

(1604) Chuck Norris can shut swinging doors.

(1605) In any given room there are over 300 objects Chuck Norris can use to kill you, including the room itself.

If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you. If you can't see Chuck Norris you may be only seconds away from death.

(1606) Chuck Norris did away with the periodic table because Chuck Norris only acknowledges the element of suprise

(1607) Chuck Norris isn’t doing pushups, he’s pushing the world down.

(1608) Sad news that Chuck Norris died. Glad he’s ok now.

(1609) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter

(1610) **FUN FACT:**      While FDR's famous "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself" speech was given in 1933,  it's less well-known that the USA entered WWII (in December of 1941) because, of course, that this was the year following Chuck Norris' birth - when the world learned what *true fear* really was.  (look it up!)

(1611) Crop circles are Chuck Norris' way of telling corn to lie the fuck down

(1612) There are no different races. Only different states of red, black, and blue that Chuck Norris has left people in.

(1613) Chuck Norris is the only person to have played tennis against a wall and has won

(1614) Chuck Norris can dribble a bowling ball

(1615) Jesus walks on water. Chuck Norris swims through land.

(1616) Law & Order are the trademarked names of Chuck Norris' left and right legs

(1617) Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He just stares at them until they give him the information he wants.

(1618) Chuck Norris beat these jokes to death.

(1619)  Chuck Norris once shaved his beard… underneath? 

…another fist…

(1620) Chuck Norris went to the Virgin Islands.  

Now they're just called the islands.

(1621) They once tried to make a Chuck Norris toilet paper brand, it was a complete failure because it wouldn’t take shit from anyone.

(1622) When god said "There will be light" Chuck Norris answered "say please"

(1623) They named a bridge chuck norris and took it down shortly after, because *nobody crossed Chuck Norris*

(1624) Chuck Norris can make onions cry

(1625) Chuck Norris doesn't sleep... he waits.

(1626) Chuck Norris wasn’t born, he invented the cesarean section when he round house kicked his way out of his mothers womb.

(1627) On the 3rd day, God created Chuck Norris. On the 4th day, God became an atheist.

(1628) Every year, Chuck Norris randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun.

(1629) Chuck Norris pulled out all of Charlie Brown's hair, but left a single strand to remind Charlie that one day he'd come back and eat him.

(1630) Chuck Norris sold eBay to eBay on ebay

(1631) Chuck Norris once killed twelve people with a grenade then it exploded

(1632) chuck norris has counted to infinity... twice.

(1633) When Chuck Norris goes into the ocean, he doesn’t get wet. 

The ocean gets “Chuck Norris!“

(1634) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(1635) Chuck Norris doesn't swim. He just beats the shit out of water until it takes him where he wants to go

(1636) After watching the video cassette from The Ring, Chuck Norris got a call on his phone and it said “Sorry, wrong number.”

(1637) Chuck Norris is always on top during sex because Chuck Norris doesn't fuck up.

(1638) Chuck Norris once wan on a diet he didn't eat anything until sunset they later named it ramadan

(1639) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade. It killed 50 people, then it exploded.

(1640) Chuck Norris slammed a revolving door!

(1641) There is no chin under his beard; it's another fist.

(1642) Chuck Norris once uppercut a horse. The result was a giraffe.

(1643) Chuck Norris is always on top during sex because Chuck Norris doesn't fuck up

(1644) This thread reminded me of the [Morgan Freeman video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ch5MEJk5ZCQ)

(1645) Chuck Norris can put out a fire with gasoline

(1646) Tornados don’t exist, Chuck Norris just really hates trailer parks.

(1647) Chuck Norris visited a convent once and all the nuns instantly became pregnant. Nine months later they gave birth to the fully grown 1972 Miami Dolphins.

(1648) Jesus can walk on water.  Chuck norris can walk on jesus

(1649) When the COVID vaccine came out, it took Chuck Norris to protect itself from the COVID.

(1650) Why are there so many Chuck Norris jokes, but no Bruce Lee Jokes?

&#x200B;

Because Bruce Lee is no joke!

(1651) Chuck Norris can take a dump without having to pee

(1652) I don't actually remember the joke, but the punchline was something like "Chuck Norris set the world record for furthest distance a boot has been stuck up an ass"

(1653) Chuck Norris had sex with a transport truck and got it pregnant.

Their son grew up to be Optimus Prime.

(1654) Chuck Norris had sex with a woman inside the cab of a semi. One of his sperm somehow made its way into the engine. We know this truck today as Optimus Prime.

(1655) Chuck norris can grill under water

(1656) Chuck Norris doesn't do push up. He pushes the earth down.

(1657) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 39 people. Then the grenade exploded.

(1658) Chuck Norris and Superman once fought on a bet. Loser had to start wearing a silly cowboy hat.

(1659) Chuck Norris once went to the Virgin Islands, after he left they were just called The Islands.

(1660) My favorite has always been, Chuck Norris doesn’t T-bag his enemies, he potato sacks them! 

Always reminds me of the early days of Halo!

(1661) Chuck Norris doesn't do "push-ups" he does "push-whole-world-downs."

(1662) Chuck Norris' penis has a toenail

(1663) A hawk can read the newspaper from 1400 metres, Chuck Norris can flip the page from that distance.

A lion's roar can be heard from three kilometres, the same distance for Chuck Norris' silence.

(1664) Jesus walks on water. Chuck Norris swims through land.

Still cracks me up.

(1665) Chuck Norris once shot down an enemy jet by pointing his finger at it and saying "bang".

(1666) Yo momma so fat, the only way she can climax is for Chuck Norris to roundhouse kick her g-spot into submission.

(1667) In the beginning there was nothing then chuck norris kicked the nothing in the butt and said get a job this is the story of the beginning of the universe

(1668) Chuck norris can beat rock, paper, and scissors.

(1669) Chuck Norris isn’t afraid of the dark.  The dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.

(1670) Chuck Norris threw a grenade that killed five enemies. When the grenade went off it killed five more.

(1671) Chuck Norris has two speeds: Walk, and Kill

(1672) The dark is afraid of Chuck Norris

(1673) Help me create a new one please! I want to make a CN joke based around the idea that instead of millions of sperm fighting to get to the egg, Chuck was the only one to begin with. I can't figure out how to structure the joke without being too crude or complicated. Please send me some ideas if you like the premise.

(1674) Chuck just released Chuck Norris Toilet Paper.

It doesn’t take shit off anybody.

(1675) Chuck Norris doesn’t recognize the periodic table of elements. The only element Chuck Norris recognizes is the element of surprise.

(1676) Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.

(1677) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.

(1678) bruce lee

(1679) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with an erection, there were no survivors.

(1680) Chuck Norris was trapped in a womans body.  Then he birthed himself.

(1681) Chuck Norris went back in time to stop the JFK assassination. After stopping the 3 Lee Harvey Oswald bullets with his beard, JFK’s head exploded out of shear astonishment.

(1682) You want to know what happened to a semi truck that Norris pissed in the gas tank of? 
It became Optimus Prime

(1683) The man himself is joke enough.

(1684) Chuck Norris was conceived by his aunt because he wouldn't dare allow anyone fucking his mother.

(1685) I never understood Chuck Norris. He's just a crappy actor. Heck if he's still so tough then he could come to my house right now and try to smash my face into my keybohjdknfndhejeyritokxbajwhqokeitotoojgjsbcjia.

(1686) Chuck norris can divide by zero

Also he lost his virginity before his father did.

(1687) Chuck Norris can shut a revolving door

(1688) Super heroes read Chuck Norris comics.

(1689) Chuck Norris is a talented multifaceted actor who can do more than be type cast into a grizzly looking stoic voice in an action movie.

(1690) Chuck Norris doesn’t go swimming water just wants to be around him

(1691) When chuck Norris was born he slapped the doctor

(1692) Chuck Norris knows Victoria’s Secret.

(1693) Chuck Norris died 10 years ago.

Death is just too afraid of to tell him.

(1694) Every time Chuck Norris masturbates, all women within one mile radius becomes pregnant, including those who already had menopause.

(1695) Chuck Norris once shot down a war plane by shooting at it and saying 'bang'

(1696) When Chuck Norris jumps into the ocean he doesn't get wet, the ocean gets Chuck Norris.

(1697) Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups. He pushes the earth down.

(1698) Jesus can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(1699) Chuck Norris’s doesn’t check under the bed for the Boogeyman. The Boogeyman checks under the bed for Chuck Norris.

(1700) Only Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(1701) Chuck norris’ penis has a toenail. 

Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees.

(1702) Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land

(1703) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.

(1704) Chuck Norris can't test for equality because he has no equal.  
Got that from the Chuck Norris Jenkins Plugin that we used at work.  
https://plugins.jenkins.io/chucknorris/

(1705) It’s not a joke, but I laughed my ass off the first time I saw Chuck Norris take his shirt off for the fight in that one Bruce Lee movie.

Somehow it just made him seem far less intimidating.

(1706) A cobra once bit Chuck Norris. After five days of horrible agony, the cobra died.

(1707) Jesus may have walked on water…but chuck norris swam through land.

(1708) Chuck Norris can swim threw concrete.

(1709) Chuck Norris doesn't go swimming, water just wants to be around him.

(1710) Chuck Norris doesn't do pushups...he pushes the world down

(1711) Really late to the party but here you go

One time Chuck Norris beat off in the cab of a semi truck.

Some of his load made it to the engine.

That truck then became Optimus Prime.

(1712) Chuck Norris uppercut a horse…. That’s how giraffes were invented

(1713) When Chuck Norris pisses against the wind, the wind changes direction.

(1714) Asked Chuck to tell a joke. He laughed

(1715) Chuck norris can compress .zip with his bare hands.

(1716) When Chuck Norris works out, he doesn't push himself up, he pushes the earth down.

(1717) Chuck Norris is what Willis was talking about.

(1718) Chuck Norris won a tennis match versus a brick wall.

(1719) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade at 50 people, he killed all 50 people then the grenade exploded

(1720) My brother and I were talking about the world ending in December 2012 when that was still a thing over lunch at a McDonald's. He said it couldn't end because Chuck Norris had yogurt that expired in 2013.

A lady a couple of tables over choked on her food.

(1721) Did you know that Chuck Norris once fought Wolverine?! Tragically enough Chuck actually lost a testicle during the fight. It’s now known as Jupiter. 

Chuck Norris once flushed an untied condom down the toilet. 16 years later the teenage mutant ninja turtles appeared

(1722) The boogeyman checks his closet at night for chuck Norris

(1723) Chuck Norris doesn’t eat honey - he chews bees.

(1724) Covid-19 wears a mask so it doesn’t catch Chuck Norris.

(1725) This whole thread is a flashback to Barrens chat in the early wow days.

(1726) Lightnight doesn't strike twice on the same place, because it's too afraid that Chuck Norris might catch him if it does.

(1727) When Chuck Norris's penis looked up at him the first time, its foreskin fell off out of fright.

(1728) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups. He does Earth-downs.

(1729) Chuck Norris isn’t that great! If Chuck Norris was that great, he’d walk in here right now and shove my head into the sfbjoutescvnkiiytbnmllyrdsscbbnkku…..

(1730) My favorite was always: "Chuck Norris once bet NASA he could survive reentry without a spacesuit. On July 19, 1999, a naked Chuck Norris reentered the earth's atmosphere, streaking over 14 states and reaching a temperature of 3,000 degrees. An embarrassed NASA publicly claimed it was a meteor, and still owes him a beer."

(1731) They tired to make a Chuck Norris toilet paper, but it failed because Chuck Norris don't take no shit

(1732) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter and slam revolving doors!

(1733) Chuck Norris' calendar goes from March 31st to April 2nd.  Nobody fools Chuck Norris!

(1734) One time Chuck Norris brought a baby lamb back to life by simply stroking it with his beard. Onlookers cheered as the lamb rose back to its feet. 

Suddenly Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked it in the face, killing it instantly. All this to demonstrate--once again--that the Good Chuck giveth, and the Good Chuck taketh away.

(1735) Chuck Norris went skydiving and his parachute never deployed. He returned it the next day

(1736) Chuck Norris counted to infinity, twice

(1737) When ghosts go camping they sit around the fire and tell Chuck Norris stories

(1738) Chuck Norris DOESN'T love Raymond

(1739) Chuck Norris can eat chunks of coal and shit out perfect diamonds.

(1740) Chuck Norris once ate an entire cake before his friends could tell him there was a stripper in it

(1741) Teenage mutant ninja turtles is actually based on a real life event. Chuck Norris once ate and shat out a turtle. The turtle grew to be 6'7 and learned karate.

Chuck Norris is always on top in the bedroom because Chuck Norris never fucks up.

If you've ever met a woman with crooked teeth, you've met a woman who has blown Chuck Norris.

Chuck Norris has sex with every woman on the planet once a month. Afterwards they bleed for 2-6 days. 

The statue of liberty wasn't a gift from France. It was a bet that Chuck Norris couldn't fuck a 300ft woman made of metal. Boy were they wrong.

(1742) Chuck Norris poops lightsabers.

(1743) and one I made up myself: Ebola is infected with Chuck Norris

(1744) Might be a repeat but here goes mine: When Chuck Norris goes into the water, he doesn’t get wet, the water gets Chuck Norris’d.

(1745) Every night ghosts check under their bed for Chuck Norris

(1746) Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants

(1747) Chuck Norris doesn't consider it sex if the woman survives.

(1748) Chuck Norris can and will touch the art.

Chuck Norris cannot be reached about his extended warranty.

Chuck Norris walked into a bar with a massive erection… there were no survivors

(1749) Chuck Norris is never late, time is early

(1750) Chuck Norris doesn't look under his bed for monsters. Monsters look under their bed for Chuck Norris.

(1751) After being exposed to Chuck Norris, Covid had to quarantine for 2 weeks.

(1752) Chuck Norris beat the sun in a staring contest while blowing bubbles with beef jerky. Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle. Chuck Norris can punch a cyclops between the eye.

(1753) Chuck Norris saved 20% when he switched to Geico.

(1754) The only time Chuck Norris was wrong was when he thought he had made a mistake

(1755) Just watch Snapcube Until Dawn part 1 and 2. Mikeiplier makes a lot of good chuck norris jokes.

(1756) Chuck Norris sneezes and we have Hurricane Ian

(1757) He's gonna bite it now, isn't he? This seems like an omen.

Not that Chuck Norris would care, he'd just bite death back

(1758) You mean it wasn't a cobra bird?  You're *sure* it's a cobra snake, right?  Not a cobra moose?

(1759) There's no chin behind Chuck Norris's beard....only another fist.

(1760) Chuck Norris clogged the toilet when he peed. Also Jesus walked on water, Chuck Norris swims on land

(1761) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade that killed 3 men…then it exploded.

(1762) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.

He can also slam a revolving door.

(1763) Chuck Norris walks on water and swims on land.

(1764) Chuck Norris walked into a room with a massive errection. 

There were no survivors.

(1765) Did you know that the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles are based on a true story? Turns out that once, Chuck Norris swallowed four baby turtles, and when they came out the other end they were 6 feet tall and had learned karate.

(1766) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with an erection….there were no survivors

(1767) After 15 years of intense training the black belt finally earned Chuck Norris.

(1768) Chuck Norris laughs about Chuck Norris jokes.

(1769) The universe is not expanding, it’s trying to run away from Chuck.

(1770) Google had this thing with I'm feeling lucky (loads up the first result automatically) where if you typed where is Chuck Norris or something like that it would say "You don't find Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris finds you".

(1771) Chuck Norris’ gun never runs out of bullets because it’s afraid of disappointing him

Chuck Norris has never had a heart attack because his heart isn’t foolish enough to try attacking him

(1772) When I was a kid I heard 

“Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups, he pushes the earth down” 

I laughed so hard I cried for a while. Always puts a smile on my face whenever It crosses my mind

(1773) Chuck Norris has counted to infinity. Twice.

(1774) Chuck Norris once went backpacking in the Tuscan mountains, he soon arrived at a nunnery and had sex with all of the nuns. 9 months later they gave birth to the 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only undefeated team in NFL history.

(1775) Sharks have a Chuck Norris week.

(1776) Underneath Chuck Norris’ beard is a third, stronger fist.

(1777) one my friend told in 2005

Chuck norris ate a rubix cube and pooped it out solved

(1778) Chuck Norris let the dogs out.

(1779) Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer

(1780) Chuck Norris is Victoria's Secret

(1781) Chuck Norris drew a 200 degrees circle.

(1782) When I hear people start the joke saying this is NOT a Chuck Norris joke. Some C.N. jokes are not only out of date but have no meaning.

(1783) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(1784) Chuck Norris took a course in CPR and brought the dummy to life.

(1785) Chuck Norris invented the giraffe when he uppercut a donkey

(1786) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with an erection… there were so survivors

(1787) When Chuck Norris goes to donate blood, he asks for a knife and a bucket

(1788) Chuck Norris doesn't sleep, he waits.

(1789) Chuck Norris can’t wear a condom. There is no protection from chuck norris

(1790) There are no Chuck Norris jokes, only Chuck Norris facts

(1791) When Chuck Norris left home for college, he said to his father, “ You’re the man of the house now.”

(1792) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(1793) How many push-up‘s can Chuck Norris do?

-all

(1794) Chuck Norris once made a Happy Meal, cry.

(1795) There's no such thing as giraffes, they are just horses that Chuck Norris uppercut.

(1796) Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.

(1797) Chuck Norris gave his father “ the talk.”

(1798) Under Chuck Norris' beard isn't a chin, but another fist.

(1799) Chuck Norris owns a house in Atalantis

(1800) Chuck Norris won the World Series of Poker with a 2, 7, an Uno card, a Get Out of Jail Free card, and the Old Maid.

(1801) when Chuck Norris touches water he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norrised.

(1802) If it looks like beef, smells like beef and tastes like beef, but Chuck Norris says its chicken. It's chicken!

(1803) When Chuck Norris jumps out of a boat, he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris'd

(1804) Chuck Norris doesn’t lose his virginity, he wins it from other people

(1805) Chuck Norris doesn't tea bag, he potato sacks.

(1806) As a baseball fan, this is one of my favorite quotes:

&#x200B;

"Chuck Norris has been known to throw a baseball 100 mph. I've been known to throw Chuck Norris 100 mph." 

\- Brian Wilson

(1807) The one that his career turned into.

(1808) Chuck Norris can make a snow man out of water.

(1809) Chuck Norris can pop a wheelie on a unicycle

(1810) Scientists save face by blaming humans for climate change when in fact the globe is warming from Chuck Norris being so full of piss and vinegar. Think about it: Sea levels rising, ocean acidification… higher levels of co2.

(1811) Why is Chuck Norris always on top when having sex?  Cause Chuck don’t fuck up.

(1812) I can't say I'm a fan of the genre, but I kinda like the one that goes, "Chuck Norris's dick is so big it has its own dick, and that dick has a fingernail at the end of it."

The first one I ever heard was, "When Chuck Norris goes in the water, he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris." I had no idea who Chuck Norris was, did not understand the joke, and just stared at my classmate like an idiot.

(1813) Chuck Norris can strangle you with a wireless Xbox controller.

(1814) Chuck Norris can land on Runway 37

(1815) When chuck Norris kicked McDonald’s balls he turned into Wendy’s

(1816) The reason aliens don't visit us is they're afraid of Chuck Norris

Chuck Norris once beat a brick wall at Tennis

(1817) How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do?

All of them.

(1818) I once had a Chuck Norris calendar that went from March 31st to April 2nd because nobody fools Chuck Norris

(1819) The drummer of Def Leppard is missing an arm- Chuck Norris needed a back scratcher.

(1820) When chuck norris walks in your house, you are the guest.

(1821) Chuck Norris ***can*** believe it's not butter.

(1822) Chick Norris can unscramble an egg.

(1823) When a man is killed by Chuck Norris, the last thing that goes through his mind is Chuck Norris' boot.

(1824) Chuck Norris doesnt wear protection, because there is no protection from Chuck Norris!

(1825) Chuck Norris is no joke!

(1826) Chuck Norris once challenged Lance Armstrong to a “who has more balls” contest. He won by 9.

(1827) Chuch Norris was once caught driving double the speed limit at a highway - on a bike.

(1828) When Chuck Norris drinks too much he never throws up, he throws down....

(1829) When Chuck Norris throws a boomerang, it's too scared to come back

(1830) When Chuck Norris steps in a puddle, he doesn’t get wet. The puddle gets Chuck Norris

(1831) Chuck Norris caught all the pokemon 

From a landline

(1832) The Boogeyman checks under his bed for Chuck Norris

(1833) There is no chin underneath Chuck Norris's beard, there is only another fist

(1834) If you ask Chuck Norris was time it is, he always says three seconds to. When you ask three seconds to what, he roundhouse kicks you in the face.

(1835) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.

(1836) Chuck Norris only has sex on top because he doesn't f*ck up.

(1837) Why are there no bridges named after Chuck Norris?  Because no one crosses Chuck Norris and survives

(1838) The entire chapter on Chuck Norris in the book “Alphabet of Manliness” by Maddox

(1839) Chuck Norris was the 4th Wise Man and he blessed baby Jesus with the gift of beard, which he wore proudly until the day he died.

(1840) Chuck Norris once walked into downtown Hiroshima with an erection
...
There were no survivors...

(1841) best joke imo would be the epic rap battles of history one, like the line "he wears a black belt on the beard that he grows on his dick" https://youtu.be/zj2Zf9tlg2Y

(1842) Chuck Norris once slammed a revolving door

(1843) https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRISsQumDsZsjnQDLHKtuzbLS9mNgST9zvKj6bOq-I47YzwmPAejLOQjwI&s=10

(1844) Chuck Norris turned the Oval Office into a Roundhouse

(1845) Chuck Norris once walked in to a McDonald's and asked for breakfast food but they denied it to him so he walked out and roundhouse kicked the building and that's how we have Wendy's.

This was before everyone and their mother started serving breakfast foods. The old days when McDonald's stopped at 10:00 a.m.

(1846) Chuck Norris doesn't have to turn on the water tap.  He simply stares at the facet until it cries.

(1847) Once on the set of Walker, a group of reporters huddled around Chuck and a poor lamb that had been killed during filming. They looked on in awe as Chuck gently touched the lamb and brought it back to life. Their awe quickly turned to horror for as soon as the lamb got to its feet, Chuck grabbed the lamb by the head and snapped its neck. When the horrified reporters asked him WHY?! he calmly replied:

“To show everyone that what the good Chuck giveth, the Good Chuck taketh away.”

(1848) The sun doesn’t set.  Chuck Norris stares it down.

(1849) Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table, because he only recognizes the element of surprise.

(1850) Chuck could unscrew regular screws with a Phillips screwdriver

(1851) When Chuck Norris left for college, he took his father aside and said- “You’re the man of the house now.”

(1852) Chuck Norris uses a live rattlesnake as a condom

(1853) When Chuck Norris was a kid he never wet the bed, the bed would wet itself out of fear.

(1854) Crop circles are Chuck Norris's way of telling the world that sometimes corn needs to lay the f*ck down.

(1855) Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land

(1856) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pisses.

(1857) Chuck Norris's condoms are live rattlesnakes.

(1858) You know what's behind Chuck Norris' beard? Another fist.

(1859) Chuck Norris lost both of his legs in a car accident and still walked it off.

(1860) Chuck Norris was once asked to throw out the ceremonial first pitch, and inadvertently struck out the side.

(1861) Why did Chuck Norris cross the road?    
Because NOBODY crosses Chuck Norris!

(1862) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did

(1863) When the Boogeyman goes to bed, he checks the closet for Chuck Norris.

(1864) Chuck Norris doesn't need a toilet because he just roundhouses his turds into the future.

(1865) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he takes a piss.

(1866) Chuck Norris ran cooper test in 6 minutes

(1867) When Chuck Norris has a wet dream the woman he is dreaming about has an orgasm!

(1868) Behind Chuck Norris’ beard there is no chin. There is only another fist.

(1869) Every year on his birthday, chuck Norris chooses one lucky child and hurls them into the sun.

(1870) Chuck Norris’ dick is so big it has its own dick. Chuck Norris’ dick’s dick is bigger than your dick.

(1871) Chuck Norris doesn't have to flush toilets, he just scares the shit out of them.

(1872) Chuck Norris threw a grenade that killed 10 people. Then the grenade exploded.

(1873) The reason the earth rotates around the sun is because Chuck Norris is doing push-ups.

(1874) when Chuck norris attends a feminist rally he comes back with a ironed shirt and a sandwich.

(1875) In the footnote to Guinness book of World records it state that all records are held b Chuck Norris and the listed people are the closest to him.

(1876) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when taking a piss.

(1877) Chuck Norris can drift a horse

(1878) Chuck Norris killed a man simply by showing him to love.

(1879) He clogs the toilet when he pees

He lost his virginity before his dad

He once went to the virgin islands, now they're just the islands

(1880) After chuck norris visited the virgin river they just called it “the river”

(1881) chuck norris talks to the bus driver

(1882) The Bermuda Triangle got lost in Chuck Norris.

(1883) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was based on a true story. Chick Norris once ate 4 turtles whole. After pooping them out, they were six feet tall and knew karate

(1884) Chuck Norris is always on top during sex because Chuck Norris never fucks up.

(1885) Chuck Norris decided to sell his urine… we know it today as red bull

(1886) Chuck Norris once had sex in the back of a semi truck, 9 months later Optimus Prime was born.

(1887) The best is clearly: Chuck Norris doesn’t have aids… but he’ll give it to you.

(1888) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father

(1889) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(1890) Chuck Norris once shot a plane down with his finger just by yelling bang.

(1891) Chuck Norris can kick a fart back into an ass.

(1892) All these jokes about Chuck Norris just reminds me of old Barrens chat so much!

(1893) Any about chuck and jade helm?

(1894) Chuck Norris went to Burger King and ordered a Big Mac….and got one.

(1895) How many pushups does Chuck Norris do?

All of them

(1896) Chuck Norris doesn't breathe...he holds the air hostage...

(1897) Disappointed I thought the title was part of the joke. I don't think you understand how this sub works. Try harder next time.

(1898) On Chuck Norris’s birthday, one lucky child is chosen to be thrown into the sun.

(1899) Why is Chuck Norris always on top during sex?





Because Chuck Norris doesn’t fuck up.

(1900) Chuck Norris has such an astonishingly good poker face that he once won the World Series of Poker on a bluff. The game was 5 Card Stud. His hand was three of clubs, nine of hearts, Get Out of Jail Free, and a green Reverse from Uno.

Contrary to popular belief, there were not three wise men that visited the young Christ. There were four. The fourth was Chuck Norris. He gifted the young Christ a beard, which Christ wore every day of his life with gratitude. The other sages were so jealous because of the inferiority of their gifts that they pooled their influence to remove any mention of the fourth wise man from any texts or records. All three of these wise men later died from what appear to be roundhouse kicks, but local authorities were never able to identify a perpetrator.

(1901) Chuck Norris sometimes signs up for beginner karate classes. Just so he can beat up little kids.

(1902) Chuck Norris was born on April 29, 1945. The day after Hitler was dead. Coincidence, I think not.

(1903) Chuck Norris sleeps with the lights on. Not because he is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of him.

(1904) If you see Chuck Norris, then Chuck Norris sees you. If you don't see Chuck Norris, then you could be seconds away from death

(1905) Some men piss their name in snow. Chuck Norris does it in concrete.

(1906) Once, a snake bit Chuck Norris. After 2 hours of excruciating pain, the snake died.

(1907) My favorite is ‘the boogie man checks under his bed for Chuck Norris before he goes to sleep’

(1908) They stopped producing Chuck Norris toiletpapier since it was rough and tough and not taking shit from anybody.

(1909) When Chuck Norris jumps in water he doesn’t get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris.

(1910) Chuck Norris once took a viagra at a hotel. There were no survivors.

(1911) It's not even that funny, but for some reason my favorite is:

> Under Chuck Norris' beard there is no chin, only another fist.

(1912) If you shave Chucks beard, you'll find another fist.

(1913) Chuck Norris was once bitten by a poisonous snake. After many hours of horrible pain the snake died.

(1914) Chuck Norris walks into a bar, the bar says ow.

(1915) Why doesn't Chuck Norris masturbate?

Not even Chuck Norris can beat Chuck Norris.

(1916) If Chuck Norris jumps in a pool he doesn't get wet, the water gets Chuck Norris

(1917) They used to make Chuck Norris toilet paper, but they had to discontinue it because it wouldn’t take shit from anyone.

(1918) He has counted from -∞ to +∞ twice.

(1919) Chuck Norris sleeps with a nightlight not because he's afraid of the dark, but because the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.

(1920) Florida wants Chuck Norris to move to the state so hurricanes will take a detour down a dirt road in Louisiana.

(1921) Chuck Norris

(1922) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

(1923) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(1924) *Angels sang out / in immaculate chorus / down from the heavens / descended Chuck Norris ...*   
\-- [The Ultimate Showdown](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrzKT-dFUjE&t=117s) by Lemon Demon

(1925) Chuck Norris invented the Caesarean section when he roundhouse kicked his way out of his mothers womb.

5 minutes later, he grew a beard.

(1926) When chuck norris does push ups he actually pushing the earth down. 

If chuck norris is having sex with men it’s not because he is gay it’s because he has banged all the ladies already.

(1927) Have you heard Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. It's a shame he never crys.

(1928) When Chuck Norris dies we will achieve world peace, its too bad that it will never happen.

(1929) Chuck Norris once had a “who has more testicles” competition with Lance Armstrong. Chuck won by 3.

(1930) Chuck Norris was adopted. No one would dare fuck his mom.

(1931) Chuck Norris invented the square root of minus 1. Because the existing numbers were not hard enough for him.

(1932) Kids piss their name into snow. Chuck Norris pisses his into concrete.

(1933) Chuck Norris counted to infinity twice.

(1934) God said, there will be light and Chuck Norris answered "say please"

(1935) Chuck Norris can't use a mirror - even his own reflection is too intimidated to look at him

(1936) When he swims in the pool, he doesn't get wet, the pool gets Chuck Norris'ed

(1937) Before Chuck Norris met The Blacked Eyed Peas, they were simply known as, The Peas.

(1938) Chuck Norris doesn’t own an oven or microwave because revenge is a dish served cold!

(1939) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees.

(1940) Chuck Norria has never had sex on bottom because Chuck don't fuck up.

(1941) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups. He pushes the earth down.

(1942)  When Chuck Norris jumps into a pool, he doesn’t get wet. The water gets chuck norris’d.

(1943) Crop circles are Chuck Norris’s way of telling the world that sometimes corn just needs to lay the fuck down

(1944) Chuck Norris had a staring contest with the sun, the sun lost. 

Chuck Norris broke his leg in a car accident and walked it off.

(1945) The giraffe was invented when Chuck Norris gave a horse an uppercut.

(1946) How many pushups can Chuck Norris do? All of them.

(1947) In the beginning, God said, "Let there be light!"

Chuck Norris replied, "Say please."

(1948) Chuck Norris's chest is the world's leading source of steel wool.

(1949) Chuck Norria himself is the best Chuck Nortis joke...

(1950) On his deathbed, Einstein realized that E = Chuck Norris.

(1951) Chuck Norris walks on water and swims through land.

(1952) Chuck Norris' daughter lost her virginity.  Chuck Norris got it back

Chuck Norris uses live grenades to golf.  They're too afraid to explode

Once as a joke, Chuck Norris pissed in the fuel tank of an 18 wheeler.  That truck is now known as Optimis Prime

(1953) Chuck Norris counted to infinite twice

(1954) Chuck Norris can see around corners with his penis.

(1955) Chuck Norris threw a grenade into a group of people

They all died

Then the grenade exploded

(1956) Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups. He pushes the world down.

(1957) This thread is hilarious!

(1958) When Chuck Norris falls the stars make a wish

(1959) Chuck Norris once impregnated an entire convent of nuns. The resulting offspring went on to become the 1972 Miami Dolphins.

(1960) They tried making a toilet paper called Chuck Norris, it didn't the shit from anyone.

(1961) Two that I like:

Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep. He waits. 

Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience.

(1962) How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris...all of it.

(1963) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with a raging erection, there were no survivors.

(1964) One day Chuck's friend bet him that he couldn't do a round house kick under water.  Chuck did, and a week later Katrina made landfall

(1965) Chuck Norris once set the land speed record on a bicycle that was missing the back tire and the chain.

Now just for a moment picture that ...

(1966) Chuck Norris can poop without peeing.
If you know, you know.

(1967) Why did Chuck Norris cross the road?

The road would never cross Chuck Norris

(1968) Jesus said “I can walk on water
Chuck Norris said “I can walk on Jesus”

(1969) Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin.
Under his beard, there's another fist.

(1970) [He swims the Atlantic as we speak!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrHmcpRAZNs&feature=share&utm_source=EJGixIgBCJiu2KjB4oSJEQ)

(1971) The grass is always greener on the other side.  Unless Chuck Norris is on the other side, then the other side is stained red with blood.

(1972) Believe it or not, there is at least one thing Chuck Norris cannot do: play darts. He keeps knocking the wall down.

Walker Texas Ranger was a documentary.

(1973) Chuck Norris isn't hung like a horse, horses are hung like Chuck Norris.

(1974) Chuck Norris can read the Voynich Manuscript and he finds it funny.

(1975) Chuck norris doesnt do pushups. He pushes the earth down

(1976) Most people sleep with a gun under their pillow, but chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun

(1977) Chuck Norris puts ketchup on his Hot Dog whenever he is in Chicago.  No one tells him shit about it.

(1978) Chuck Norris doesn’t pop his collars. His shirts get erections.

(1979) How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do? All of them.

If you aren't sure who your father is, it's probably Chuck Norris' mom.

Chuck Norris isst sein Knoppers schon um 9.

(1980) Chuck Noris’s iPhone 11 has an aux port.

(1981) Simply by pulling on both ends, Chuck Norris can stretch diamonds back into coal.

(1982) Chuck Norris has 25 hours a day.

(1983) Why is God named 'God'? Because the name 'Chuck Norris' was already taken.

(1984) Chuck Norris swallows Rubik's Cubes, and shits them out solved.

(1985) Chuck Norris doesn't sleep. He waits.

(1986) When thirsty, Chuck Norris drinks peanut butter

(1987) Chuck Norris can't die, because the grim reaper is too scared to approach him.

(1988) Chuck Norris committed suicide from an ambush.

(1989) There’s no such thing as global warming. Chuck Norris was cold so he turned the sun up

(1990) Not a chuck Norris joke, but you ever wonder why these don't get applied to other people....like Mike Tyson?

(1991) Chuck Norris can speak Braille

Chuck refers to himself in the fourth person.

Edit probably the one I really like: Chuck Norris found the last digit of pi.

(1992) Did you ever hear about the horse Chuck Norris kicked in the chin?…well that horses’ decedents are now today’s Giraffes.

(1993) If Chuck Norris from Delta Force 1 fought Chuck Nortis from Delta Force 2, who would lose?  

America

(1994) If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you. If you cannot see Chuck Norris, you may be seconds away from death.

(1995) If Chuck Norris from Delta Force 1 fought Chuck Nortis from Delta Force 2, who would lose?  

America

(1996) Chuck Norris doesn’t read books….. he stares them down until they give him the information he needs.

(1997) Chuck Norris visited the Virgin Islands. Now they’re just called The Islands.

(1998) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep with a gun underneath his pillow, he sleeps with a pillow underneath his gun.

Chuck Norris doesn’t kick anyone in the face, he kicks everyone in the back of the face.

(1999) Chuck norris once ate an entire birthday cake before his friends could tell him there was a stripper in it.

(2000) Every time Chuck Norris downloads an itune, Apple pays him 99 cents

(2001) Chuck Norris has a brother that doesn’t eat very well, his name is Mal.

(2002) Chuck Norris can clog a toilet with his piss.

(2003) Chuck Norris once made a burrito soo hot, even he himself could not eat it...then he went ahead and ate it anyways just to show the burrito who the fuck Chuck Norris was

(2004) Every year at tax time, Chuck Norris sends the IRS a picture of himself crouched & ready to strike. Chuck Norris has never had to pay taxes...Ever.

(2005) When Chuck Norris dives into a swimming pool, Chuck Norris doesn’t get wet. That pool gets Chuck Norris’d.

(2006) "Crop circles are Chuck Norris' way of telling the world that sometimes corn needs to lie the fuck down."

(2007) Chuck Norris was born in a house that he has build

(2008) Chuck Norris once used a stunt double 

It was a crying scene

(2009) Chuck Norris is the only person able to unscramble an egg

(2010) Chuck Norris has been U.S. President since 1988.  You just couldn't see him.

(2011) What YEAR is it?!

(2012) The best one...
Chuck Norris. (Then people start making their own conclusions)

(2013) Chuck Norris doesn't do a push up, he pushes the earth down

(2014) Chuck Norris once had sex in a truck. Nine months later, the truck gave birth to Optimus Prime.

(2015) Chuck Norris doesn’t believe in the periodic table of elements. He only believes in the element of SURPRISE

(2016) Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg.

(2017) Chuck norris lost his virginity before his father

(2018) Chuck Norris grinds coffee with his teeth and boils water with his rage.

(2019) Chuck Norris doesn't pay taxes.

(2020) In the late 40s, Chuck visited a convent hidden away in the hills of Tuscany. Chuck being Chuck, he ended up impregnating the nuns there just by taking his shirt off. 9 months later, the nuns gave birth to a group of children that would later become the starting line of the 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only team to achieve the perfect season in NFL history.

(2021) Jesus Christ I feel like it’s 2010 again, and that’s a good thing

(2022) When the Boogie man goes to sleep, he checks under his bed for Chuck Norris.

(2023) When Chuck Norris was younger he broke into a convent and had sex with all the nuns. 9 months later, the nuns gave birth to the 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only team to go undefeated in an NFL season and win the Super Bowl.

(2024) Why does Chuck Norris drinks his beer with a straw?

So he doesn't have to open his fist

(2025) The best CN joke is not a joke:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zP5ZpzE5nCk

(2026) Important News!!!! Chuck Norris got hit with bullet. Bullet in the critical condition.

(2027) Chuck Norris was the first to create a martial art weapon just by using 2 nuns and a chain. 

People call it nunchucks

(2028) Apparently Chuck Norris's favourite one is "They tried to add Chuck Norris's face to Mount Rushmore, but the granite wasn't hard enough for his beard".

(2029) Chuck Norris once went down the street with a boner. There were no survivors.

(2030) Handicapped spaces aren’t actually for handicapped people. They’re Chuck Norris’ spaces and handicapped is what you will be if you catches you parking there.

(2031) The boogy man looks under his bed for Chuck Norris.

(2032) Trick question. There _is_ no best Chuck Norris joke.

(2033) Chuck Norris killed ten men with a grenade. Then it went off.

(2034) You’ll find Chuck Norris toilet paper in airports because it don’t take shit off nobody!

(2035) Chuck Norris grinds his coffee beans with his teeth, and boils the water with his rage.

(2036) Chuck Norris doesn't lay down, the world goes on its side to fit him.

(2037) Chuck Norris? Never heard of her!

(2038) Every night, before he goes to bed, the Boogeyman checks under his bed for Chuck Norris.

Death once had a near Chuck Norris experience.

Chuck Norris has a secret, third fist hidden in his beard

(2039) Chuck Norris doesn’t eat honey, he chews bees.

(2040) Chuck Norris does not do push-ups he pushes the world down.

(2041) All the redditors telling chuck Norris jokes will die of laughing

(2042) 😂😂😂 thank u to all 😂😂made my day the comments

(2043) Hurricanes prepare for Chuck Norris

(2044) Evolution is natures way of preparing for chuck norris.

(2045) Chuck Norris doesn’t have a horse dick, a horse has a Chuck Norris dick.

(2046) Once Chuck Norris pulled out while having sex in a tractor trailer. This is how Optimus prime was born.

(2047) When Chuck Norris does pull ups, he doesn't pull himself up, he pulls the bar into the ground.

(2048) At night, the boogeyman checks his under his bed for Chuck Norris.

(2049) There was once a bridge named after Chuck Norris. 

No one ever crossed and lived to tell about it.

(2050) Elderly Chuck Norris doesn't use a wheelchair, wheelchairs use Chuck Norris.

(2051) The boogeyman checks under his bed for Chuck Norris

(2052) They once introduced a new Chick Norris-printed toilet paper.  It, rightfully, sold very well.  Unfortunately it was discontinued because it wouldn't take crap from anyone.

(2053) Chuck Norris and Lance Armstrong has a "who has the most testicles" competition.  Chuck Norris won by 5.

(2054) Chuck Norris can't reach orgasm without a family of Vietnamese cowering in the corner.

(2055) My personal favorite:

The Boogieman checks under his bed for Chuck Norris.

(2056) He has no chin behind his beard, just another fist

(2057) When Chuck Norris has sex he is always on top. Because Chuck Norris never fucks up.

(2058) Chuck Norris once killed 30 people with a granade. Then it exploded.

(2059) Death once had a near Chuck Norris experience

Chuck Norris counted to infinity, twice

Chuck Norris once won a poker tournament using Pokemon cards

(2060) church norris was in the line of duty during ww1, he ended up throwing a grenade into the enemy trench, 26 people died at that moment. then the grenade exploded.

(2061) There's a street named after Chuck Norris, but people are afraid to cross it. Because no one crosses Chuck Norris and lives.

(2062) If Chuck Norris is running late, time better slow the fuck down.

(2063) Chuck Norris stands faster than you run

(2064) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups, he pushes the earth down.

(2065) When NASA landed on the moon the first thing Armstrong saw was a sign saying "Chuck Norris was here"

(2066) When Chuck Norris was on the set of Walker Texas Ranger he had unprotected sex with a female extra. When he pulled out some of his seed went into a vent in the trailer. That trailer is now known as Optimus Prime.

(2067) Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding

(2068) Chuck Norris knows where Carmen Sandiego is

(2069) Chuck Norris cuts the knife with the bread.

(2070) Chuck Norris coined the phrase "coined the phrase"

(2071) Chuck Norris won the 1983 World Series of Poker despite holding only a Joker, a Get out of jail free Monopoly card, a 2 of clubs, 7 of spades and a green No.4 Uno card.

(2072) Chuck Norris once had sex on top of a tractor trailer. Some of his sperm leaked onto the engine and we now know this tractor trailer as Optimus prime. 

Also, chuck norris once strangled a man with a cordless phone

(2073) When Chuck Norris does a push up, he’s not pushing himself up, he’s pushing the ground down.

(2074) When Chuck Norris left for college he looked in his father’s eyes, shook his hand and said “you’re the man of the house now”

(2075) Chuck Norris counted to infinity... Twice.

(2076) When Chuck Norris steps in a puddle, he doesn’t get wet, the puddle gets chuck norris. 
Chuck Norris wears live rattlesnakes as condoms.
Chuck Norris doesn’t read books. They give him the information he wants.

(2077) They boogeyman always checks under his bed for Chuck Norris.

(2078) Sharks watch “Chuck Norris Week” on the Discovery channel.

(2079) Chuck norris has a bear rug. It's not dead just afraid to leave.

(2080) Chuck Norris once delivered a "sweet move" that ended up impregnating all the women in a 30-mile radius. They gave birth to the '72 Dolphins.

(2081) Chuck Norris doesn't do push-ups, he pushes the earth down!

(2082) Waldo plays "Where's Chuck?"

(2083) If you have £5 and Chuck Norris has £5 he has more money than you

(2084) He doesn't read books, he just stares them down until he gets the information he wants

(2085) Chuck Norris can punch a cyclops between the eye.

(2086) When chuck norris' daughter lost her virginity, he got it back.

(2087) When Chuck Norris goes in the pool he doesn’t get wet, the water gets Chuck Norris

(2088) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(2089) Chuck Norris once had an erection while laying face down.... he struck oil.

that is all.

(2090) Chuck Norris can slam revolving doors.

(2091) Chuck Norris only masturbates to pictures of Chuck Norris

(2092) Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC for stealing the names of his left and right leg, namely-law and order

(2093) Evolution is a lie.
There's just a list of animals Chuck allows to survive.

(2094) When Chuck Norris made fun of will smith's wife, will Smith slapped himself

(2095) Chuck Norris built the house he was born in.

(2096) Chuck Norris invented the orgasm, so that everyone can experience for a moment what it feels like to be Chuck Norris.

(2097) Chuck Norris doesn’t have a chin; behind his beard is another fist

(2098) Chuck Norris once ate a 64oz steak in 10 min. He spent the first 5 banging the waitress.

Chuck Norris can get a woman pregnant by making eye contact, pointing his finger at her, and yelling "Bang!"

(2099) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(2100) Scientists have theorized the Big Bang to be approximately as powerful as a CNRK: Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick.

(2101) TIL Chuck Norris is poisonous.

(2102) Chuck Norris doesn't do push-ups, he pushes the world down.

(2103) Chuck Norris once got pulled over by the police. The officer got off with a warning.

(2104) When Chuck Norris walks into a crowd of feminists, he walks out with his shirt ironed.

(2105) Chuck Norris clogs toilets when he pees.

(2106) Chuck Norris likes his meat so rare he only eats Unicorns.

(2107) Bill Brasky can swim through land.

(2108) Chuck Norris invented the Mustache

(2109) Chuck norris went on a trip to the virgin Islands but when he left, they were just called the islands.

(2110) Chuck Norris likes his women like his whiskey, old and full of coke

(2111) What jokes?

(2112) Chuck Norris is the only man to have beaten a brick wall in a game of tennis.

(2113) Chuck Norris can drown fish.

(2114) Ghosts sit around a camp fire and tell Chuck Norris stories

(2115) Why the Germans surrendered in Ww2, Chuck Norris was born

(2116) Chuck Norris can speak Braille.

(2117) When Chuck Norris does a push-up, he doesn't push his body up, he presses the earth down.

(2118) Chuck Norris likes his coffee black, without water.

(2119) Chuck Norris is so fast he can run around the world and smack himself in the back of the head...

(i read that one online back in like 2008)

(2120) The Boogeyman checks his closet at night for Chuck Norris

(2121) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father.

(2122) Each Hurricane is not just given a new name at random- Chuck Norris just respects a wind that can turn a page of his birth certificate.

(2123) Chuck Norris can eat only one lay

(2124) Mine is actually a diss on him in Epic Rap Battles of History

Abraham Lincoln: "I've read up on your facts
You cure cancer with your tears?
Well, tell me Chuck how come you never sat down and cried on your career?"

(2125) Reading all these I’m back to sixth grade study hall (free period) with my friends giggling and reading these same jokes

My favorite Chuck Norris joke is: during all the seasons of Walker Texas Ranger only one man was able to actually land a blow to Chuck Norris. That man was Christopher Reeves

(2126) Chuck Norris’s dick is so big, that it has its own dick… and that dick is still bigger than yours

(2127) Chuck Norris once ate three 72oz steaks in under an hour. He spent the first 45 minutes having sex with the waitress.

(2128) When Chuck Norris looks in the mirror, there is no reflection. There can only be ONE Chuck Norris!

(2129) There are 375 things in a room Chuck Norris can kill you with, including the room itself.

(2130) Chuck defeated an army with 2 bullets. First bullet he shot in the sky as a warning

(2131) Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in

(2132) Chuck Norris doesn't read books...

He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.

(2133) Chuck Norris gets Chick-fil-A  on Sundays.

(2134) The boogeyman checks for Chuck Norris under his bed before going to sleep!

(2135) Tied for the top spot:

Chuck Norris drank all the water from the tap.

Chuck Norris loses to Bruce Lee onscreen. Bruce Lee mysteriously dies. Coincidence?

(2136) Chuck Norris invented the cheeseburger when he kicked a cow through a chain link fence.

(2137) Chuck Norris made millions selling his urine. It's called Red Bull.

(2138) Chuck Norris doesn't eat honey, he chews bees!

(2139) Hand sanitizer kills 99.9% of bacteria, but Chuck Norris doesn’t use it because he kills 100% of whatever the fuck he wants.

(2140) When Chuck Norris was born, he slapped the doctor.

(2141) Where’s Waldo? Oh he’s hiding from Chuck Norris.

(2142) When Chuck Norris was a kid, he wasn't afraid of the dark. The dark was afraid of him.

Chuck Norris got bitten by a vampire once. The vampire turned into Chuck Norris.

(2143) They put Chuck Norris in a fighting game. The only attack he had was a roundhouse kick.

(2144) Chuck Norris told the best Chuck Norris joke ever, then promptly told a better one. The jokes are so good that their existence is covered by the second amendment.

(2145) Chuck Norris once challenged Lance Armstrong in a "Who has more testicles?" contest. Chuck Norris won by 5.

(2146) Chuck Norris doesn’t do people push ups he pushes the earth down

(2147) Nobody doesn’t like Sara Lee.
Except Chuck Norris.

(2148) Chuck Norris can impregnate a woman by pointing at her womb and saying "booyah"

(2149) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pisses

(2150) Why will you never see an intersection named after Chuck Norris? 

Because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.

(2151) Someone once called Chuck Norris "Charles". There were no survivors.

(2152) Im reading the comments. I needed this.

(2153) Chuck Norris is so fast that he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head

(2154) Chuck Norris had a failed toilet paper company because it wouldn't take shit off nobody

(2155) Chuck Norris once swallowed a pelican whole.

(2156) Best chuck Norris joke is the man himself. Here he is predicting 1000 years of darkness if Obama wins. What a moron. 

https://youtu.be/koz2shiZRdI

(2157) How many pull ups Chuck Norris does in one go?

All of them.

(2158) The only thing a Chuck Norris joke fears is Chuck Norris

(2159) Chuck Norris doesn’t eat honey. He chews bees.

(2160) Watch out guys. Chuck Norris doesn’t like these jokes and will sue you for slander if you keep it up.

Don’t ask.

(2161) Chuck Norris can divide by zero.

(2162) Chuck Norris doesn’t catch colds, colds catch him!

(2163) Chuck Norris came out with his own toilet paper brand but it got recalled cause it wouldn't take shit from nobody.

(2164) Chuck Norris once challenged Lance Armstrong to a "who has more balls" contest and won by 7.

(2165) I always like the one about the Boagieman looking under his bed fir Chuck Norris.

(2166) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 50 people, then the grenade exploded

(2167) Once a year Chuck Norris chooses a small child to throw into the sun.

(2168) Chuck Norris can refer to himself in the fourth person.

(2169) Chuck Norris is the only person can eat a single lays potato chip.

Chuck Norris once walked down a street with a boner.....there were no survivors.

(2170) Chuck Norris took a page from the facebook

(2171) That time he and his wife made a commercial promoting Christian Nationalism.

(2172) How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if the woodchuck was Chuck Norris.

Yes.

(2173) Chuck Norris once took a piss in the fuel tank of a Semi truck, that semi truck is now known as Optimus Prime!!!

(2174) Chuck Norris's dick is so big it has an elbow.

(2175) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups. He does earth-downs

(2176) Chuck Norris out pizza'd the hut

(2177) Chuck Norris was once stopped by the police.

The cops were let off with a warning.

(2178) For lens fluid Chuck Norris uses Tobasco

(2179) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(2180) Chuck Norris doesn’t read books. He just stares them down until he gets the information he wants.

(2181) Chuck Norris appeared in the 'Street Fighter II' video game, but was removed by Beta Testers because every button caused him to do a roundhouse kick. When asked bout this “glitch,” Chuck Norris replied, “That's no glitch.”

(2182) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade that killed 50 people, then it exploded.

(2183) Extinction is not a natural phenomenon

(2184) On the set of Walker Texas Ranger Chuck Norris brought a dying lamb back to life by nuzzling it with his beard. As the onlookers gathered, the lamb sprang to life. Chuck Norris then roundhouse kicked it, killing it instantly. This was just to prove that the good Chuck giveth, and the good Chuck, he taketh away.

(2185) Chuck Norris was dropped twice as a baby, once on Hiroshima and again on Nagasaki.

(2186) When Chuck Norris told a joke about Will Smith's wife, Will Smith slapped himself.

(2187) When Chuck Norris swims in the ocean, he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris

(2188) Chuck Norris not only swims in the water but on land also.

(2189) When Chuck Norris take a shower he doesnt get wet, the water gets Chucked.

(2190) Chuck Norris once saved a baby goat dying on the side of the road by breathing into it. Once alive, he proceeded to roundhouse kick it to death saying “Chuck Norris giveth, Chuck Norris taketh”

(2191) Chuck Norris’ hometown once named a bridge after him. But they soon had to change the name of the bridge, because no one crosses Chuck Norris and lives.

(2192) Chuck Norris wears Tim Tebow pajamas.

(2193) As a teen, Chuck Norris had sex with every nun in a convent tucked away in the hills of Tuscany. Nine months later the nuns gave birth to the 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only undefeated and untied team in professional football history.

(2194) Law and Order are the names of Chuck Norris's right & left legs

(2195) When Chuck Norris was born he told his dad he's the man of the house now.

(2196) When doing push-ups, Chuck Norris doesn’t push himself up. He pushes the Earth away from him.

(2197) Jesus walked on water. Chuck Norris swam through land

(2198) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin he built with his bare hands

(2199) Chuck norris clogs the toilet when he pee’s

(2200) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep…he waits.

(2201) Chuck Norris can pee his name in concrete


Chuck Norris walked down a street with a boner.... There were no survivors

(2202) Chuck Norris counted to infinity…. Twice

(2203) When Chuck Norris goes for a swim, he doesn't get wet. Water gets Chuck Norris.

(2204) Chuck Norris actually has a soft spot for ninjas, right where the spine meets the skull.

(2205) Chuck Norris has counted till infinity. Twice.

(2206) How many woodchucks could Chuck chuck, if Chuck would chuck woodchucks? Infinity plus one.

(2207) Chuck Norris wasn’t born, he roundhouse kicked his way out.

(2208) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin, which he personally built.

(2209) Chuck Norris doesn’t swim, water just wants to be around him 

Chuck Norris makes the speed of light wish it was faster 
When Chuck Norris chops onions, the onion crys

Chuck Norris doesn’t call the wrong number, you answer the wrong phone

(2210) Is this 2007? What the fuck is up in this subreddit

(2211) I too have seen expendables 2

(2212) Jesus walked on water but Chuck Norris can swim through land.

Chuck Norris doesn't get wet, water gets Chuck Norrised

(2213) Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in

(2214) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups. He does earth downs

(2215) Chuck Norris can gargle peanutbutter

(2216) They say Jesus could walk on water, but Chick Norris, he can swim through land.

(2217) Chuck Norris doesn't eat honey. 

He is chewing bees.

(2218) little known fact Chuck Norris's tears cure cancer, to bad he never cries.

(2219) I drank some Chuck Norris water & next day had kidney stones pass.

(2220) Chuck Norris made Stevie Wonder flinch

(2221) Chuck Norris got into a staring contest with a statue and won.

(2222) Its uncanny just how much the father of Chuck Norris resembles him!

(2223) Chuck norris once ate shit and food came out of the other end

(2224) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad

(2225) Chuck Norris is so fast, he can run around the earth and punch himself in the back of the head.

(2226) Chuck Norris isn’t lactose intolerant. He’s just not taking any of lactose’s shit.

(2227) You know the dead sea? Chuck Norris killed it.
You know the red sea? Same fate.
Science says there are many elements, but Chuck Norris only believes in the element of surprise.

(2228) When Chuck Norris was in middle school, his English teacher assigned an essay. “What is courage?” He received an A+ for turning in a blank page with only his name at the top.

(2229) Lighting never strikes in the same place twice, because it knows Chuck Norris is looking for it.

(2230) Chuck Norris built the house he was born in

(2231) Chuck Norris brought a dead man back to live by giving him a whisker rub. He then proceeded to break the man’s neck, proving that the good Chuck giveth and the good Chuck taketh away.

(2232) There is no chin under Chuck Norris's beard, just another fist.

(2233) The boogie man. Checks for chuck norris under his bed!

(2234) Chuck Norris once ate a Rubik’s Cube, and shit it out completed.

(2235) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door!

(2236) Chuck Norris' dog cleans up after himself because Chuck Norris doesn't take shit from anybody.

(2237) When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.

(2238) Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the shit out of it.

(2239) Chuck Norris has never flushed a toilet. He scares the shit out of it.

(2240) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups. He pushes the world down.

(2241) Jesus walks on water, chuck Norris swims through the ground

(2242) Chuck Norris threw a grenade, killed 9 men. 

Then grenade went off killed 10 more.

(2243) Chuck Norris doesn't sleep. He waits....

(2244) Chuck Norris can close revolving doors

(2245) Once chuck norris and time had race. The time is still running.

(2246) Chuck Norris doesn’t consider it sex if the woman lives.

(2247) I beat up chuck norris

(2248) Chuck Norris out pizza’d the hut

(2249) Chuck Norris gets a PS5 on Christmas. 
Delivered by Bill Gates himself.

(2250) Chuck Norris wears an insideout raddle snake for a condom, for his pleasure.  You can't protect yourself from Chuck Norris.

(2251) They once made a brand of chuck Norris toilet paper.  It didn't sell because Chuck Norris doesnt take crap from anybody.

(2252) Chuck Norris shaves himself by kicking his chin, because only Chuck Norris cuts Chuck Norris

(2253) Chuck Norris does not do push ups, he pushes the world down

(2254) Chunk Norris was born from his Aunt, no one would dare have sex with his mom.

(2255) Chuck Norris's first job was paper boy. There were no survivors.

(2256) Chuck Norris had sex with a man, not because he was gay, he just ran out of women to sleep with.

(2257) My favorite… When Chuck Norris attends a feminist rally, he leaves with his shirt ironed and a packed lunch.

(2258) The reason newborn babies cry is because they know they have just entered a world with Chuck Norris.

(2259) Chuck Norris is the only mfer to slam a revolving door shut

(2260) Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.

(2261) Chuck Norris tried to make fun of Steven Seagal by poorly mimicking Seagal's aikido. 

He ended up inventing Combat Hapkido.

Seagal tried to do the same to Chuck Norris.

He ended up being seen in the hospital for a possible epileptic seizure.

(2262) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups. He pushes the world down.

(2263) Jesus could walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through dry land.

(2264) The Titanic didn't hit an iceberg.  It was Chuck Norris doing the backstroke across the Atlantic.

(2265) Did you know that Chuck Norris was in fact one of the three wise men that attended Christ’s birth? He gave Jesus the gift of beard. Of course, Jesus wore that gift proudly to the end of his life. The other wise men were so jealous of the gift thatChuck gave, so they conspired to leave him out of the stories hoping he would never receive credit for the gift he gave. Truly an inspirational story.

(2266) An "Invasion USA" cardboard cutout of Chuck Norris once singlehandedly defeated the entire Belgian army...

(2267) Chick Norris challenged Lance Armstrong to a "who has the most testicles" - and won by two.

(2268) There’s no such thing as tornadoes. Chuck Norris just hates trailer parks.

(2269) Chuck Norris can tie his shoes with his feet

(2270) Outer space exists because it couldn't live on the same planet as Chuck Norris

(2271) Chuck Norris doesn't do push-ups, 
He pushed the Earth DOWN

(2272) Chuck Norris beat the world record for the 100m by running 110m.

(2273) One day while working as a waiter at outback I got the honor to meet Chuck Norris’s mom. Sweetest lady imaginable and was very proud to be 100 years old

(2274) Chuck Norris wears sunglasses to protect the sun from his eyes.

(2275) According to Chuck Norris, there is only one element: the element of surprise!

(2276) Chuck Norris doesn’t go swimming, water just wants to be around him.

(2277) There are no CTRL keys on Chuck Norris’s keyboards…because Chuck Norris is ALWAYS in control!

(2278) Chuck Norris’ fist makes the speed of light wish it was faster

(2279) Jesus Christ can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land

(2280) The boogie man looks under his bed for Chuck Norris.

(2281) Jesus can walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(2282) Jesus walked on water. Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(2283) Chuck Norris can drift on a horse

(2284) Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares at them until they tell him what he wan'ts to know.

(2285) When Chuck Norris goes into water he doesn’t become wet, the water becomes Chuck Norris. 

Once Chuck played with wet fingers at a wall socket. The power station got a lethal shock…

(2286) I think it was something like “Chuck Norris can’t wear condoms because nothing can protect you from Chuck Norris”

(2287) Chuck Norris built a snowman out of rain

(2288) Chuck Norris doesn't sleep, he waits.

(2289) Chuck Norris threw a party 50 feet away

(2290) When Chuck Norris does a push up he doesn't push himself up, he pushes the Earth down.

(2291) Chuck Norris has a full-body tattoo of himself, only taller

(2292) Jesus walked on water. Chuck Norris swam through land.

(2293) If you go to his office, don't ask for the three-hole punch

(2294) How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do?

All of them.

(2295) Chuck Norris is the only man to have won a boxing competition with both his hands tied behind his back.

(2296) I Heard this one ,one's,l. I teen asked me "Who is Chuck Norris?????"

(2297) 

Chuck Norris invented menstruation by punching Eve in the stomach.

Certainly didn't age well considering what he's doing now. The early aughts sure were different.

(2298) Chuck Norris can remember the future

(2299) Crop circles are Chuck Norris telling us that sometimes, corn needs to sleep too.

(2300) Chuck Norris is never on the bottom when he has sex, because Chuck Norris never fucks up.

(2301) Chuck Norris is a right-wing piece of shit. Oh wait… that’s not that funny.

(2302) Chuck Norris once won a game of connect 4 in only 3 moves

(2303) chuck norris can divide by zero

(2304) Bruce Lee once defeated Chuck Norris on a movie once...

Bruce Lee died years later.


Jist shows you.Chuck Norris never forgives and never forgets.

(2305) Chuck Norris can't fly, but he does anyway

(2306) When Chuck Norris’ daughter lost her virginity he got it back.

(2307) Chuck Norris passed away in 2016. He made a full recovery within a week.

(2308) Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(2309) Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.

(2310) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups. He does world-downs.

(2311) Chuck Norris doesn't tea bag people he potato sacks them

(2312) On the set of Walker Texas Ranger Chuck Norris brought a dying lamb back to life by nuzzling it with his beard. As the onlookers gathered, the lamb sprang to life. Chuck Norris then roundhouse kicked it, killing it instantly. This was just to prove that the good Chuck giveth, and the good Chuck, he taketh away.

(2313) When the boogeyman goes to bed at night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.

(2314) How were giraffes created?  Chuck Norris upercutted a horse.

(2315) Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. Water gets Chuck Norris.

(2316) Chuck Norris and Mr. T walk into a bar....
It immediately explodes as no building can contain that much awesome.

(2317) Chuck Norris is a joke.

(2318) The one time Chuck Norris played golf he shot a 17.

Chuck Norris makes love... do whatever he wants it to.

(2319) If Chuck Norris puts on a pair of glasses he can see around the world to the back of his own head

(2320) Chuck Norris won a game of connect 4 in 3 moves.

(2321) Chuck Norris doesn’t read books, he states them down till he gets the information he wants.

(2322) Chuck Norris can see John Cena

(2323) Chuck Norris can beat a brick wall in a game of tennis

When the Boogeyman goes to sleep, he checks under his bed for Chuck Norris

(2324) When chuck Norris does Push-ups, he pushes the Earth down and up, "Think that's right 😜"

(2325) Chuck Norris can swim through land

(2326) Chuck Norris can walk on water and swim through land

(2327) Chuck Norris doesn't read book, he stares down the pages until they reveal their meaning.

(2328) For Chuck Norris, each testicle is larger than the other

(2329) Chuck Norris was having sex in a semi, pulled out, and shot a load all over the cab.  We now call that truck Optimus Prime.

(2330) Best Chuck Norris i ever heard? I can't pick one because Chuck Norris will want to know why I don't like the other ones.

(2331) Chuck Norris can clog a toilet with his urine

(2332) Chuck Norris once ate three 72 oz steaks in one hour. He spent the first 48 minutes having sex with the waitress.

(2333) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep. He waits.

(2334) Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked his pronouns for being too woke

(2335) Chuck Norris was at a diner in Picher, OK, and someone dropped a spoon so he killed the whole town.

This joke is partially true:  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Picher,_Oklahoma

(2336) It takes 1 woman and 9 months for a baby to be born

It takes 9 women and 1 month for Chuck Norris to be born.

(2337) Chuck Norris is the joke.

(2338) Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg

(2339) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups.   He pushes the ground down.

(2340) Chuck Norris doesn’t read books. He stares them down until they tell him what he wants to know.

(2341) Chuck norris only lost 1 fight in his life. It was to Bruce Lee. After the fight, he punched himself in the balls 3 times, gave birth to the 1972 dolphins and shit out a ford bronco

(2342) Chuck Norris can speak Japanese in French

(2343) I got 2. 

After partying all night Chuck Norris doesn’t throw up, he throws down!

Also,

Chuck Norris won the World Series Of Poker holding only an Uno Draw 4 card and a Get out of Jail free.

Edit: spelling

(2344) Chuck Norris is the only man to get back together with Taylor swift.

Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle

(2345) Chuck Norris once pissed on a truck, 

That truck became Optimus Prime.

(2346) There is no 'Ctrl' key on Chuck Norris' keyboard. Chuck Norris is always in control.

(2347) Avent plyed WoW in years, but I'm homesick for Barrens chat now.

(2348) Before he goes to sleep, the boogeyman checks under his bed for Chuck Norris

(2349) Chuck Norris's tears cure cancer. To bad he never cried.

(2350) Chuck Norris doesn't teabag, he potato sacks.

(2351) Chuck Norris once had the higher ground, and was the father of Darth Vader too !

(2352) The U.S. was going to send Chuck Norris to stop Hitler. Hitler killed himself out of fear.

(2353) Chuck Norris destroyed the Periodic Table because the only element he recognizes is the element of surprise!

(2354) Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked a horse in the face once. That horse's descendants are known as giraffes.  
  
Chuck Norris once urinated in the gas tank of a semi as a practical joke. That semi is now known as Optimus Prime.

(2355) He did his own c-section

(2356) Chuck Norris invented nunchucks when he tied two nuns together using their rosary beads

(2357) This thread is giving me flashbacks to middle school/high school

Jesus walked on water

Chuck Norris swam through land

(2358) If you can see Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris can see you. If you can't see Chuck Norris, you may only have seconds to live.

(2359) Thanos tried to snap Chuck Norris. The Infinity Gauntlet turned to dust.

(2360) How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? All of it.

(2361) When Chuck Norris enters the ocean he does not become wet. The ocean becomes Chuck Norris.

(2362) Your mama is so fat that only Chuck Norris can do a full turn in a univers life time

(2363) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is based on a true story. One day, Chuck Norris swallowed four turtles whole and when he shit them out, they were 6 foot tall and knew karate.

(2364)  chuck norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

(2365) Scientists estimate that the Big Bang is equivalent to 1 CNRK (Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick)

(2366) Razors don’t cut it when Chuck Norris shaves. Instead he repeatedly karate chops his own face until his beard is the perfect length.

(2367) New York is the city that never sleeps... Unless Chuck Norris tells it to.

(2368) [Chucky Norris](https://i.imgur.com/4ATqfCW.jpg)

(2369) If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you. If you can't see Chuck Norris, you'll be dead in 5 seconds.

(2370) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQmPMZeN7JQ

(2371) Chuck Norris is so fast he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head

(2372) When Chuck Norris goes swimming he doesn’t get wet, the water gets Chucked.

(2373) Chuck Norris once sold his soul to the devil in exchange for his rugged good looks and amazing martial arts prowess. Once they shook on it he round house kicked the Devil and took his soul back. The Devil was pretty mad at first but in retrospect he realized that it was a pretty good joke. They now play poker every Thursday night.

(2374) Chuck Norris uses a stunt double for crying scenes.

(2375) r/ChuckNorrisJokes

(2376) When you type “Chuck Norris” into Google, if you misspell, instead of saying “Did you mean Chuck Norris?” It says “Run while you still can”

(2377) Every year, on his birthday, Chuck Norris chooses one lucky child to be thrown into the sun.

(2378) Chuck Norris said that in one of the Expendables movies.

(2379) Chuck Norris can watch 60 minutes in 30 minutes

(2380) Chuck Norris survived being hit by a car the other day in a hit and run. Police say their best lead is the paint the car left on Norris

(2381) There once was a street called Chuck Norris. It no longer exists because no one crosses Chuck Norris and lives.

(2382) Chuck Norris practiced in the lush Sahara Forests in Africa

(2383) He lost his virginity before his dad

(2384) If Chuck Norris was such a badass, he'd come into my house right now, walk up to me, and smash my face on this keyboa$#@&$+(?/&#3!

(2385) When Chuck Norris left for college he told his dad “now you’re the man of the house”.

(2386) Crop circles are Chuck Norris' way of telling corn to lay the fuck down

(2387) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands, they’re now just called the Islands.

(2388) Guns don't kill people....Chuck Norris kills people

(2389) Chick Norris isn't a joke. We are the joke to him.

(2390) It is in fact true that Chuck Norris has a fist under his beard! That fist belongs to Bruce Lee. 

https://www.google.com/search?q=bruce+lee+vs+chuck+norris&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8&hl=en&client=safari

(2391) Chuck Norris and Superman once fought each other for a bet.

The loser had to wear their underwear outside their pants.

(2392) None

(2393) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad

(2394) How much Norris can a chuck Norris chuck if a chuck Norris could chuck Norris.

(2395) If you work in an office with Chuck Norris, never ask for his 3 hole punch.

(2396) If you see Chuck Norris having sex with a man, it’s not gay, he’s just gone through all the women.

(2397) You think Chuck Norris is a tough guy? I don't buy it. If he was really that tough, he'd come over and smash my head across this keybokfoalnsklfmnaokflslsnalmdnd.

(2398) What is this, 2004?

(2399) Chuck Norris has a vacation home on the sun

(2400) Do you ever wonder if Chuck Norris actually reads stuff like this and laughs at the jokes about him?

(2401) Chuck Norris will never die, he will have simply defeated life.

(2402) Chuck Norris is known for giving ppl VD. Very-scared-of-chuck-norris Disease.

(2403) Chuck Norris can make any woman orgasm simply by pointing his finger at her and saying "booyah"

(2404) Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin under his beard, only another fist.

(2405) Chuck Norris went to McDonalds ordered a Whopper, and got one.  

Chuck Norris can watch the show 60minutes in half an hour.

(2406) Chuck Norris once got bitten by a cobra. After 10 hours of suffering, the cobra died.

(2407) Superman challenged Chuck Norris to an arm wrestling match once, the loser would have to wear their underwear over their pants.

(2408) This is no theory of evolution, only a list of animals chuck Norris allows to live

(2409) Jesus can walk on water, chuck Norris San swim through land

(2410) Jesus can walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(2411) Chuck Norris had sex on a semi once, a drop of semen fell on the hood. We now know that truck as Optimus Prime.

(2412) Chuck Norris has never read a book. He stares them down until they provide the information he needs.

(2413) https://youtu.be/pX7Wubal5_w
Introducing Truck Norris

(2414) Chuck Norris once challenged Lance Armstrong to a testicle contest and won by 5...

(2415) Chuck Norris has been to Mars. That's why there's no life there.

When God said "Let there be light." Chuck Norris told him to say "please".

A bear once attacked  Chuck Norris. Once it realized who he was, it proceeded to eat itself as a less painful way to die.

Chuck Norris once ate a ream of rice paper and shit out Mr. Miyagi.

The real Brokeback Mountain is the pile of dead ninjas in Chuck Norris's back yard.

There's no chin under Chuck Norris's beard. Only another fist.

Chuck Norris doesn't battle, he just allows you to lose.

Chuck Norris invented rap when his heart started beating.

If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you. If you can't see Chuck Norris, you may be seconds away from death.

When he feels down, Chuck Norris round house kicks himself. He feels better because he knows he's the only person that can survive his kick.

(2416) Chuck Norris smokes after sex. Not cigarettes, his penis literally smokes.

(2417) When Chuck Norris showers he doesnt get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris

(2418) When the boogie man goes to bed he checks the closet for chuck norris

(2419) Chuck Norris let Obama became US president because he reminds him Trivet.

(2420) Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas

(2421) Sharks have a week dedicated to Chuck Norris.

(2422) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter

(2423) Superman wears Chuck Norris underwear.

(2424) My favorite  is Chuck Norris can divide by zero.

(2425) Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked someone so fast, it broke the space/time continuum and broke Emelia Earhart's neck as she was flying over the Pacific.

(2426) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father

(2427) Chuck Norris doesn’t read books, he stares them down until he get the information he needs.

(2428) Chuck Norris had his left testicle removed years ago. That testicle is now known as the Planet Jupiter.

(2429) How many pushups can Chuck Norris do? All of them.

(2430) Chuck Norris counted to infinity....twice

(2431) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet every time, when he *pees.*

(2432) Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land

(2433) Chuck norris died five years ago. Death is just too afraid to tell him.

(2434) Chuck Norris doesn’t turn on the shower, he stares at it until it cries!

(2435) Chuck Norris didn’t call the wrong number. You answered the wrong phone.

(2436) He said he really likes this one: *When Chuck Norris does a push up, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.*

(2437) Once Chuck threw a grenade that killed 15 people. Than the grenade exploded...

(2438) Chuck Norris never dials the wrong number, people just answer the wrong phones

(2439) Chuck Norris is the only pilot to ever land on Runway 37.

(2440) Every year, on his birthday, Chuck Norris picks a lucky young man and throws him into the sun.

(2441) Here's mine:

"Chuck Norris once bet NASA he could survive reentry without a spacesuit. On July 19, 1999, a naked Chuck Norris reentered the earth's atmosphere, streaking over 14 states and reaching a temperature of 3,000 degrees. An embarrassed NASA publicly claimed it was a meteor, and still owes him a beer."

(2442) Chuck Norris doesn’t battle he just allows you to lose.

Chuck Norris invented rap music when his heart started beating.

Chuck Norris attacks sharks when he smells them bleed.

Chuck Norris doesn’t go swimming water just wants to be around in.

(2443) When Chuck Norris was born. He knocked out the Doctor and had sex with the Nurse. That was the second time he has had sex.

(2444) Usain bolt has the record because Chuck Norris never ran it.

(2445) Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet... he just scares the s#!+ out of it

(2446) Chuck Norris is so fast, he can run around the earth and pat himself on the back.

(2447) Chuck Norris counted to the infinite, two times.

(2448) Harry Truman dropped the bomb on Hiroshima instead of sending Chuck Norris. His reason? It was more humane

(2449) Chuck Norris can drink peanut butter

(2450) There's no such thing as the best chuck Norris joke because they aren't jokes.

(2451) "Chuck Norris is a good actor"

(2452) Chuck Norris can speak braille

(2453) I've never actually heard Chuck Norris tell a joke.

(2454) My personal favorite is:

They wanted to name a street after Chuck Norris but they realized nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives

That might not be the right version but that’s how I remember it

(2455) The earth started turning when Chuck Norris began walking.

(2456) Chuck Norris was actually in Star Wars, he played the force

&

Once every year, cancer gets checked for Chuck Norris

(2457) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep; he waits.

(2458)  Chuck Norris doesn’t flush the toilet he just scares the shit out of it.

(2459) The Boogie Man is scared of Chuck Norris being under his bed.

(2460) Chuck Norris went back in time to disprove the theory of relativity. When Albert Einstein heard this, he mocked Chuck Norris and called him a fool. Chuck Norris promptly round house kicked him in the face. After recovering, Albert Einstien, in his shame, changed his name to Steven Hawking.

(2461) How much wood would a wood Chuck chuck if wood Chuck was Chuck Norris? All of it.

(2462) Jesus could walk on water... Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(2463) Chuck norris walked to the moon and back after he exhaled

(2464) Chuck Norris drinks napalm to cure heartburn

(2465) The earth doesnt rotate around the sun, it rotates under Chuck Norris.

(2466) The force from one of Chuck Norris' kicks went back in time and killed all the dinosaurs.

(2467) Mine is chuck Norris was born in a log cabin that he built with his bare hands. Then when he was 18 and headed off to college, he patted his dad on the shoulder and said, “you’re the man of the house now. Take care of things around here.”

(2468) Chuck Norris was born ten months premature

(2469) Chuck Norris’s computer doesn’t have an ESC button.

(2470) Once on the set of Walker, Texas Ranger a cow birthed a stillborn calf. Chuck Norris rubbed the calf with his beard and brought it back to life.  He promptly roundhouse kicked the calf killing it instantly. 

The lesson: The Good Chuck giveth and the Good Chuck taketh away.

(2471) What's under Chuck Norris' beard?
Another fist.

(2472) Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin under his beard, he has another fist.

(2473) Chuck Norris can believe it's not butter.

(2474) Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. 

It’s descendants are now known as giraffes

(2475) When Chuck Norris does a push up, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.

(2476) When Chuck Norris moved out turned to his dad and said "You're the man of the house now "

(2477) Chuck Norris carries a baseball bat with him to the shitter in case he poops a mountain lion.

(2478) [CHUKA CHUKA CHUKA...CHUCK NORRIS](https://youtu.be/jiDW6IN6f4Q)

(2479) Legend has it Chuck Norris's third fist is concealed by his beard.

(2480) Chuck Norris wanted to see what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object… so he punched himself in the face

(2481) Chuck Norris doesn't lose his virginity after sex. His virginity is too afraid to leave him.

(2482) It took 4 woman to give birth to Chuck Norris

(2483) The flu gets a Chuck Norris shot every year.

(2484) When you flip over China, it says "Made by Chuck Norris" on the bottom.

(2485) I heard Chuck Norris once unscrambled an egg...

(2486) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father did

(2487) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups. He pushes the Earth away.

(2488) Chuck Norris is, himself, a joke.

(2489) The next time you tell it, take out the word long. It flows better.

(2490) Chuck Norris does not get frost bites. Chuck Norris bites frost.

(2491) Chuck Norris does not sleep… He waits

(2492) Chuck Norris’s daughter lost her virginity. So Chuck Norris found it and put it back.

(2493) Chuck Norris once kicked a guy so hard he dislocated his soul.

(2494) Chuck Norris’s tears can cure cancer.  It’s too bad he never cries.

(2495) Chuck Norris doesn't read books, he stares them down until he gets the information he wants.

(2496) mine is Chuck Norris.

(2497) Chuck Norris can speak fluent Braille.

(2498) When Chuck Norris pours milk on his Rice Krispies, they shut the hell up.

(2499) Chuck Norris never wears condoms because there’s no such thing as protection from Chuck Norris.

(2500) Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked someone so hard, it went back in time killing Emilia Erhardt flying over the pacific

(2501) They say Jesus walked on water, but we know Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(2502) Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in.

(2503) Chuck Norris can run so fast he can run around the earth and punch himself in the back of the head.

(2504) chuck norris lost his virginity before his dad

(2505) There's no such thing as tornadoes, Chuck Norris just hates trailer parks.

(2506) Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in

(2507) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(2508) When Alexander Graham Bell invented a telephone, he already had a missed call from Chuck Norris.

(2509) There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, they had to change it because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives

(2510) Chuck Norris can eat a Rubik’s Cube and crap it solved.

(2511) When Chuck Norris shaves there’s no chin there, just another fist

(2512) When Chuck Norris jumps in the water, he doesn’t get wet, the wet gets Chuck Norris.

(2513) Superman and Chuck Norris once fought, and the looser has to wear his underpants over the pants.

(2514) Hiding inside of Chuck's beard is a fist

(2515) Chuck Norris doesn't do push-ups, he pushes the earth down

(2516) Chuck Noreia doesn't  do push ups
He pushes the earth down

(2517) Chuck Norris was born by his aunt, because noone was brave enough to fuck his mother.

(2518) Chuck Norris visited the Virgin Islands one time. They are currently trying to find an appropriate new name

(2519) Superman wears Chuck Norris Underoos

(2520) Chuck Norris doesn't eat honey, he chews wasps

(2521) When Chuck Norris jumps in a pool he doesn't get wet the water gets Chuck Norris'd.

(2522) Chuck Norris and Superman faught for a bet. The loser must wear underwear over the trousers.

(2523) When Chuck Norris was a child he had a paper route... There were no survivors.

(2524) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups. He does earth push-downs

(2525) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(2526) If Chuck Norris is running late, time better slow the fuck down.

(2527) Chuck Norris roadhouse kicked Lee Harvey Oswald’s bullet, and JFK’s head exploded from the awesomeness.

(2528) The boogie man checks his closet and looks underneath his bed for Chuck Norris

(2529) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade that killed 50 people. Then it exploded.

(2530) Jesus could walk on water but Chuck Norris could swim through solid concrete

(2531) Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding.

(2532) If Chuck Norris stopped training, the Earth would stop rotating.

(2533) Chuck Norris doesn’t battle, he just allows you to lose

https://youtu.be/zj2Zf9tlg2Y

(2534) Chuck Norris once sued NBC for copyright infringement. 
Said law and order are the name of his legs.

(2535) A reddit mod once tried to delete a Chuck Norris comment, and ended up deleting himself.

(2536) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(2537) Why doesn't Chuck Norris wear a condom?  
There is no protection from Chuck Norris.

(2538) Jesus may be able to walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(2539) Has to be this one

https://www.reddit.com/r/fakehistoryporn/comments/vxbhdr/chuck_norris_moments_before_winning_the/

(2540) When Chuck Norris has sex with men, it's not because he's gay, it's only because he ran out of women.

(2541) my favorite is : Chuck Norris is so tough, he even chews yoghurt. 

maybe I like it because it plays with this stupid exaggeration of being a man - which we see in the movies.

(2542) I'm fucking crying laughing these are classic !! I haven't seen the cancer chuck Norris joke tho, I forgot how it went

(2543) Once a Chuck Norris branded toilet paper was made.  Ultimately it was a failure because Chuck Norris takes shit from nobody.

(2544) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed six people. And then the grenade exploded.

(2545) Jesus can walk on water.. Chuck Norris can swim on land

(2546) How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? All of it.

(2547) You don't hear about the best Chuck Norris joke, he'll find you and tell you if he thinks you deserve it.

(2548) Chuck Norris threw grenade, killed 2 people. Then it blew up.

(2549) There’s no such thing as a Chuck Norris joke, it’s a fact!

(2550) Chuck Norris blows bubbles with beef jerky

(2551) If Chuck Norris owned a pig, it would be able to fly

(2552) All Check Norris pants fits him perfectly.
Because he never looses

(2553) When Chuck Norris jumps in a puddle of water. He doesn't get wet. The water gets chucked.

(2554) Chuck Norris once walked down a crowded street with an erection. There were no surivors...

(2555) Chuck Norris doesn't carry a smartphone: smartphones carry a Chuck Norris.

(2556) Chuck Norris lives in a roundhouse

(2557) Covid-19 had to get a Chuck Norris vaccination

(2558) Chuck Norris doesn’t believe in the periodic table of elements. He only believes in the element of surprise

(2559) Chuck Norris got laid before his dad

(2560) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 15 people. Then the grenade exploded

(2561) If you turn over most products they say “Made in China”, if you could look under China you would see a label reading “Made by Chuck Norris”

(2562) Chuck Norris CAN believe it’s not butter

(2563) Chuck Norris is so fast, he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head.

(2564) My favorite is a bit of a step to the side.

God looked at Ash Ketchum, and said “Help”, and Ash said “I got this”

(2565) [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrHmcpRAZNs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrHmcpRAZNs)

one of the best videos ever made

&#x200B;

Scientists have been trying to isolate the element ChuckNorium for years with no success - you can't contain Chuck Norris.

(2566) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was based on a true story. Chuck Norris once swallowed a turtle whole, and when he crapped it out it was six feet tall and knew karate.

(2567) Chuck Norris knows Victoria’s Secret.

(2568) You know how Jesus walked on water? Well Chuck Norris swims through land.

(2569) When Bruce Banner gets mad he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad he turns into Chuck Norris.

(2570) Chuck Norris doesn’t get wet, water gets Chuck Norris

(2571) op, thanks for bringing this back, i'd forgotten so many of these. 

what a great time to have been alive.

(2572) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 30 people...then the grenade went off.

(2573) Chuck Norris has a bear skin rug in his bedroom. Oh the bear isn’t dead, it’s just too afraid to move…

(2574) One day while backpacking through the countryside, Chuck Norris came upon a convent. He decided to rest there for the evening. Later that night he seduced, slept with, and impregnated all of the nuns at the convent. Those nuns all gave birth to sons. Those sons grew up to become the 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only undefeated team in NFL history.

(2575) Jesus walks on water. Chuck Norris swims through land.

(2576) My favorite of all time
Chuck Norris can squeeze orange juice out of a banana

(2577) Chuck Norris doesn’t teabag… he potato sacks.

(2578) Chuck Norris can see John Cena

(2579) How many lift ups can chuck Norris do? All of them

(2580) The Barrens Chuck Norris jokes used to be good

(2581) Whichever one Chuck Norris tells me is the best.

(2582) Chuck Norris's tears can cure cancer. It's a shame he has never cried.

(2583) If you ever wondered how mountains get formed. They’re made when Chuck Norris punches the ground on the other side of the planet.

(2584) Chuck Norris' house has no doors, just walls he walks through

(2585) They once made Chuck Norris brand toilet paper. It wouldn’t take shit from anybody.

(2586) Chuck Norris doesn't play the lottery, it doesn't have nearly enough balls.

(2587) Chuck Norris can divide by zero. Infinite times!

(2588) Chuck Norris once impregnated an entire convent of nuns. Those nuns later went on to give birth to the 1972 Miami Dolphins.

(2589) Heard Chuck Norris' daughter lost her virginity.  Don't worry, he got it back for her.

(2590) Chuck Norris doesn’t teabag, he potato sacks.

(2591) Chuck Norris can strangle you with a mobile phone.

(2592) Jesus walks on water
Chuck Norris swims through land

(2593) God is set to retire when chuck Norris Dies!

(2594) Chuck Norris’ tears cure cancer.  Too bad Chuck Norris doesn’t cry.

(2595) Chuck Norris has sex with every woman in the world each month. They bleed for a week afterwards. 

Sorry if this one has already been listed

(2596) There is no such thing as tornadoes. Chuck Norris just hates trailer parks.

(2597) Chuck Norris can piss his name into concrete.

(2598) If at first you don't succeed, you're not Chuck Norris.

(2599) The opening scene of saving private Ryan was loosely based on a game of dodgeball chuck norris was in during elementary school.

(2600) Chuck norris left tutorial island with maxed stats

(2601) Chuck Norris killed 2 stones with 1 bird.

(2602) Chuck Norris can unscramble eggs.

(2603) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did

(2604) Did you know Chuck Norris’ tears cure cancer? Too bad he’s never cried.

(2605) None of these jokes are funny

(2606) The dinosaurs pissed off Chuck Norris once. Only once.

(2607) Chuck Norris can bake a cake......in the freezer

(2608) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 15 people. Then the grenade exploded

(2609) Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky

(2610) Chuck Norris always used the emergency exit. This is because no matter where he is going l, there’s going to be an emergency.

(2611) Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch - he decides what time it is.

(2612) He is the joke.

(2613) Chuck Norris doesn’t get wet when he gets in the water, the water gets Chuck Norris.

(2614) Jesus could walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(2615) Chuck Norris does not break wind.  He destroys it.

(2616) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with a massive erection, there were no survivors.

(2617) Chuck Norris once urinated into the fuel tank of a Semi-truck, that truck is now known as Optimus Prime

(2618) Chuck Norris smiled once and it brought a puppy back to life.

(2619) Vin Diesel is an anagram for "I end lives"

I think that's how Vin Diesel facts started, which is how Chuck Norris facts started (as a variation). So technically that's the original

(2620) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

(2621) *Cobra snake?*

(2622) Chuck Norris once sued Dick Wolf for trademark infringement because he’d named his left fist Law and his right fist Order.

(2623) Every year on Chuck Norris's Birthday, one lucky child is launched into the sun.

(2624) A bit of Chuck Norris's sperm got into the gas tank of a semi. We now know this truck as Optimus prime.

(2625) Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.

(2626) Chuck Norris doesn't jump up, he pushes the earth down.

(2627) Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky

(2628) Chuck Norris is so fast, he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head.

(2629) Chuck Norris can blow a bubble with beef jerky

(2630) Chuck Norris's tears cure cancer.

Too bad Chuck Norris doesn't cry.

(2631) Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.

(2632) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he takes a piss.

(2633) What's Chuck Norris favorite dish? Pork chops 

What meat is named after chuck Norris  CHUCK ROAST

(2634) Chuck Norris invented the corn dog.

(2635) When Chuck Norris does push-ups, he doesn’t push himself up, he pushes the world down.

(2636) Chuck Norris’s dick is so big it has its own dick. And Chuck Norris’ dick’s dick is bigger than your dick.

(2637) Chuck Norris stared at the sun, and the sun blinked.

(2638) My favourite Chuck Norris joke only works in German

(2639) Chuck Norris is taking the Hobbits to Isengard.

(2640) Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle

(2641) Chuck Norris was born Sept 1, 1945. 
World War II ended Sept 2, 1945. 
Coincidence? I think not!

(2642) There used to be a street named after him, but it eventually had to be changed because no one would cross Chuck Norris

(2643) Underneath Chuck Norris’ beard isn’t a chin, it’s another fist.

(2644) Chuck Norris doesn’t teabag, he potato sacks.

(2645) When Chuck Norris pisses in the wind, the wind changes direction.

(2646) Given Norris’ political views, I think the joke’s on us….

(2647) Chuck Norris challenged Lance Armstrong to a testicule contest. Chuck won by 3.

(2648) Chuck Norris is no joke.

(2649) Chuck Norris was actually Born in a hostpital he built

(2650) Chuck Norris squeezes his own apple juice

(2651) Chuck Norris counted to infinity. Twice.

(2652) Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.

(2653) Chuck Norris doesn't push himself up when doing push ups, he pushes the world down.

(2654) Chuck norris is able to make fire with a lense - at night.

(2655) Chuck Norris can simply walk into Mordor

(2656) God said: "let there be light!"

And Chuck Norris replied:"say please!"

(2657) Rap music was invented when Chuck Norris' heart started beating.

(2658) When Chuck Norris jumps in the water he doesn’t get wet the water gets Chuck Norrised

(2659) I think my favorite is chuck Norris can eat a rubix cube and poop it out solved.

(2660) Chuck Norris once had 6 kidney stones, those are now known as the Infinity Stones.

(2661) God said: let there be light. Chuck norris anwered: say please.

(2662) If Chuck Norris has five dollars, and you have five dollars, Chuck Norris has more money than you.￼￼

(2663) Chuck Norris traveled back in time to stop the Kennedy assasination. He blocked the bullet with his beard. Kennedy’s head exploded simply from awe.

(2664) Only one man has ever beaten Chuck Norris. That man was Mr. T. In response, Chuck Norris invented racism.

(2665) Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.

(2666) Chuck Norris doesn't wear sunglasses. He looks at the sun and it dims.

(2667) One day Chuck Norris travelled back in time to prevent the Kennedy assassination. He caught all the bullets with his beard. JFK's head just exploded only out of excitement

(2668) If Chuck Norris were President, he would live in The Round House

(2669) When chuck norris enters the ocean, he doesn’t get wet. The ocean gets more Chuck Norris

(2670) Chuck Norris once had sex with a convent of nuns. 9 months later, they gave birth to the 1972 Dolphins.

(2671) There was a Chuck Norris character that was removed in the Street Fighter 2 beta because of a glitch that would throw a roundhouse kick no matter which button was pressed. When asked about it, Chuck Norris confirmed that it wasn't a glitch. 

Chuck Norris traded his soul to the Devil for his rugged good looks and unparalleled martial arts ability. After the exchange, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the Devil and took his soul back. The Devil isn't even mad about it and they play poker at Chuck's house every other Tuesday.

(2672) Chuck Norris only lost 1 fight, to a pirate. But it turns out this was a rumor started by Chuck Norris in order to lure more pirates to him

(2673) I didn't know that Chuck Norris jokes were a thing. The line you used in your post is from a movie he was in called The Expendables.. number two I think.

(2674) If You have 5 dollars and Chuck norris has 5 dollars. Chuck Norris has more money than you

(2675) He can clog a toilet when taking a piss.

(2676) What’s under Chuck Norris’ beard? A third fist.

(2677) If you were to shave Chuck Norris’s face, you wouldn’t find a chin, just another fist

(2678) The boogeyman checks his closet and under the bed for Chuck Norris

(2679) If you can see Chuck Norris, you have only seconds to live.

(2680) Jesus, Chuck Norris, and the Pope are all fishing when their boat motor dies.  Jesus steps out of the boat and walks across the water to the shore.  Chuck Norris does the same thing.  The Pope figures, being the Pope, he should be able to get away with it too.  He hops out of the boat and immediately sinks.  He swims to shore, gasping and spitting water.  "How did you do that?", he asks the guys.  Jesus says, "Well, you see, there were rocks just under the water that you couldn't see.  I just happened to know where they were."  Chuck Norris looks at Jesus and says, "What rocks?"

(2681) This brings me back to highschool. Thank you guys.

(2682) Bill Brasky toasts to Chuck Norris.

(2683) Chuck Norris can blow bubbles out of beef jerky.

(2684) Chuck Norris once had an erection while face down...
 He struck oil

(2685) The original name of the Bible was called “Chuck Norris and Friends.”

(2686) Chuck Norris counted to infinity.
              
.....twice.

(2687) Chuck Norris knows why there is hay there.

(2688) "Brokeback Mountain" is what Chuck Norris calls the pile of dead ninjas in his yard.

(2689) If Chuck Norris was in a Video game and does a **Double Round House Kick,**  its not a glitch.

(2690) Jesus Buddha and Chuck Norris are on a boat. 
Jesus hops out of the boat and walks on water to the shore. 
Chuck hops out of the boat and runs across the water to the shore. 
Buddha hops out and proceeds to sink. 
When Buddha finally gets to shore he asks Jesus how he walks on water. 
Jesus says if you look, there are rocks just beneath the surface. Chuck asks What rocks?

(2691) Chuck Norris counted to infinity. Twice.

(2692) Chuck Norris slammed the revolving door.

(2693) What's under Chuck Norris's beard? Just another fist.

(2694) Chuck Norris didn't call the wrong number. You picked up the wrong phone.

(2695) My personal favorites:
Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.
Chuck Norris can speak braille.

(2696) When Chuck Norris falls out of a boat he doesn’t get wet.  The water gets Chuck Norris.

(2697) Chuck Norris puts the laughter in manslaughter.

(2698) Chuck Norris’s tears are know to cure cancer, too bad he never cries

(2699) Chuck Norris’ tears cure cancer. To bad he doesn’t cry.

(2700) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(2701) Chuck Norris can find the needle in a haystack.

(2702) How many pushups can Chuck Norris do? 


All of them.

(2703) Chuck Norris doesn’t turn the lights on. He turns the dark off.

(2704) Chuck Norris threw a hand grenade and killed 7 people. Then the grenade exploded.

(2705) Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked one planet into another. To this day the Earth and Moon are still spinning.

(2706) Chuck Norris completed Halo on the hardest difficulty using a broken guitar hero controller

(2707) A person once told Chuck Norris that nobody could kill him. So Chuck Norris tracked down nobody and killed him first.

(2708) Chuck Norris once round house kicked a guy so hard his foot broke the light speed barrier, went back in time and killed Amelia Earhart.

(2709) Pi once asked Chuck Norris, who knows and has spoken all pi's digits, if it could have another digit.

(2710) Chuck Norris is so fast, he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head.

(2711) When Chuck Norris jumps in a lake he doesn't get wet; The lake gets Chucked.

(2712) Why are Chuck Norris's balls bald?

Hair don't grow on steel.

(2713) Jesus can walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim through Earth

(2714) Chuck Norris was born on May 7, 1945....the Germans surrendered the next day.

He wasn't ACTUALLY born that day, but third grade me believed that 🤣

(2715) Chuck Norris created giraffes after uppercutting a horse

(2716) Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.

(2717) The best thing about waking up is not Folgers in your cup, but in knowing Chuck Norris didn’t kill you in your sleep.

(2718) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep, he waits.

(2719) Chuck Norris once killed 20 men with a grenade. And then it exploded.

(2720) How many push ups can Chuck Norris do?


All of them.

(2721) Having worked out with Chuck in the 60s, these jokes are especially poignant…and true!

(2722) Jesus walks on water but Chuck Norris swims through land.

(2723) The one where Chuck Norris was asking who ate his sandwich, but it was Bruce Lee, so he only replied with "I hope it tasted good"

(2724) Superman goes to bed at night wearing Chuck Norris pajamas.

(2725) Chuck Norris wears a live rattlesnake as a condom

(2726) One time Chuck Norris was invited to join a marching band. He played the Grand Piano.

(2727) Since when were they jokes?

(2728) Chuck Norris put the craters on the moon... by spitting sunflower seeds

(2729) When Chuck Norris goes swimming he doesn’t get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris.

(2730) What's Hellen Keller's favorite color? Chuck Norris.

(2731) When chuck Norris jumps into water, he doesn’t get wet. 

The water gets chucked.

(2732) When Chuck Norris fell in the lake he didn't get wet. The water got Chuck Norris'd.

(2733) My personal favorite is: Chuck Norris doesn't need a control key on his keyboard as he is always in control.

(I work in IT so it's a bit funnier to me)

(2734) For most people, home is where you hang your hat. For Chuck Norris, home is where you have a collection of your enemy’s skulls.

(2735) When Chuck Norris was born, he slapped the doctor and made them cry.

(2736) The boogy man checks under his bed for Chuck Norris

(2737) Chuck Morris got fed up with people saying "that's the best thing since Chuck Norris" so he round house kicked a loaf of bread into slices.

(2738) Chuck Norris is not allowed to use urinals because he keeps plugging them up.

(2739) Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down til he gets the information he wants

(2740) Chuck Norris once kicked a snake in the knee.

(2741) How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck Norris?

All of it.

(2742) Superman and Chuck Norris had a fight where the loser would have to wear his underwear on the outside.

(2743) I first saw these as Vin Diesel jokes in the early 2000s.  Were they always Chuck Norris jokes first?

(2744) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

(2745) Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg

(2746) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 5 people, then the grenade blew up.

Jesus can walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(2747) Chuck Norris, Sylvester Stallone, and Arnold Schwarzenegger we're sitting around campfire sharing stories of their movie exploits.

Sly shared of his countless killings and maimings, through the Rambo series.

Arnie bragged of the many necks he's snapped, and people he's shot, as the Terminator.

Chuck just sat there quietly.. stirring the coals with his dick.

(2748) Your ears are too weak to even hear the funniest chuck norris joke. If you heard the joke it would kill you.

(2749) The ninja turtles are based on a true story of the one time Chuck Norris ate a pet turtle and when he crapped it it was 6 feet tall and knew karate

Also, anyone can piss in the floor, but Chuck Norris can crap in the ceiling

(2750) Chuck Norris jumped from the third floor and fell on the fifth.

(2751) Chuck Norris doesn't swim, water just likes to be around him.

Chuck Norris invented music when his heart started beating.

Chuck Norris doesn't beat you, he just allows you to lose.

You don't find Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris finds you.

(2752) Chuck Norris wasn't born, he woke up his mom to tell her he's out

(2753) ´Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did

(2754) Chuck Norris can smoke underwater

(2755) Chuck Norris, Arnold Schwarzenegger, and Stallone all die and go to heaven. God will offer one seat by his side between the three, the remaining two go to hell. Arnold makes his case, as does Stallone. Chuck steps forward to plea his case but instead tells God "you're in my seat."

(2756) Jesus may walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(2757) [Some Warhammer Orks find the book of facts about Chuck Norris, and their belief kicks in as they read it. Back on Earth, some forgotten bones begin to shake as they reanimate...](https://old.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/9e1car/eu_some_warhammer_orks_find_the_book_of_facts/)

I saw a Chuck Norris writing prompt. The single reply is the best one lol

(2758) Chuck Norris can bench press the entire state of Ohio

(2759) Chuck Norris does not go hunting. Hunting implies the possibility of failure. 

Chuck Norris goes killing

(2760) Once, Chuck Norris killed 62 enemies with a single grenade. And then the grenade blew up.

(2761) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door shut

(2762) Lol

(2763) Chuck Norris gets as many chances as he wants to make a first impression.

In the beginning there was God...with Chuck Norris's permission.

(2764) Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle

(2765) Jesus walked on water. Chuck Norris swims through land

(2766) When Chuck Norris works out the machine gets stronger.

(2767) Chuck Norris went to the Virgin Islands. When he came back home they were just islands XD

(2768) There are 10.000.000 players in World of Warcraft, simply because Chuck Norris allows it. 
- From the Old commercial

(2769) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees

(2770) They wanted to put chuck norris's face on mount rushmore but the granite wasnt strong enough for his beard.  
...whoops that chuck's favorite, not mine.  
mine is the aforementioned snake

(2771) The Devil is Chuck Norris’ advocate

(2772) Dalmatians are originally white, it became partially black after chuck norris petted it

(2773) Chuck Norris made a bet with Superman; loser had to wear his underwear over his pants.

(2774) Chuck Norris doesn't mow his lawn, the grass burrows in fear

(2775) Chuck Norris doesn’t like even numbers so he decided to be born on Feb 29th and created the leap year

(2776) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father
 
Once, a dinosaur frowned at Chuck Norris…Once…

(2777) When Chuck Norris does push-ups, he pushes the earth down.

(2778) Chuck Norris doesn't brush his teeth. He scares the plaque away.

(2779) How many push ups can Chuck Norris do?

All.

(2780) Chuck Norris’ penis has its own zip code.

(2781) When Chuck Norris jumps in the ocean he doesn't get wet the water gets Norris.

(2782) Chuck Norris doesn't go hunting, he goes killing.

(2783) he counted to infinity.   twice.

(2784) Chuck Norris  only masturbates to pictures of Chuck Norris

(2785) When chuck norris goes diving, he doesn't get wet, the water gets chuck-norris'd

(2786) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups. He pushes the world down.

(2787) Chuck Norris made Twisted Sister take it.

(2788) Chuck Norris doesn’t teabag people. He potato sacks them.

(2789) The reason why moon rotates over the earth is because chuck norris howls at it

(2790) Those aren't zits on Chuck's back.

That's how he reproduces, like gremlins. They're little Chuck's.

(2791) Chuck Norris was sparring with Wolverine when Wolverine accidentally lopped off one of his testicles.  It went spinning of into space.  We now know it as the planet Jupiter.

(2792) How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck was chuck Norris?  ALL OF IT!

(2793) Jesus walks on water. Chuck Norris walks on Jesus.

(2794) I like this one: Chuck Norris can close revolving doors

(2795) When Chuck Norris pours milk into Rice Krispies they shut the fuck up.

Chuck Norris doesn't wear a condom because there is no such thing as protection from Chuck Norris.

(2796) Most men pee their names into snow, Chuck Norris pees his name into concrete.

(2797) Chuck Norris can clog a toilet taking a piss.

(2798) In his first ever acting role, Chuck Norris played a henchman in Way of the Dragon. During their fight scene, Norris even managed to land a kick on Bruce Lee.

This may not seem impressive at first, but one must remember that Bruce Lee invented feet so he could have something else to hear you to death with when his fists got bored.

(2799) Chuck Norris doesn't go hunting.  
The word hunting implies a possibility of failure.  
Chuck Norris goes killing.

(2800) All are good. Especially the one that he drinked the whole tap water in one go

(2801) Crop circles are Chuck Norris’ way of telling the world that sometimes corn needs to lie the fuck down.

(2802) God prays to chuck norris

(2803) Chuck Norris, when he was starting out, learned martial arts from Bruce Lee, who popularized martial arts in the US/West. Norris allegedly bragged that he could whip Bruce Lee in a fight, by way of implying you should learn from Norris. Well, word got around to Lee, who called up Norris’s dojo and demanded that either Norris yell out that Lee could whoop Norris so the students would hear, or Lee would come over and demonstrate. 

I laugh every time I think about it.

(2804) Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups - he presses down and the Earth gets out of his way

(2805) Before he goes to bed, the Boogie Man checks his closet for Chuck Norris.  Always makes me laugh...

(2806) Chuck Norris once had sex in the back of an 18 wheeler and blew his load on the seat.   That tractor trailer is now known as Optimus Prime!

(2807) Chuck Norris does not have a chin behind his beard. 

Instead, there is another fist

(2808) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

Chuck Norris doesn't sleep. He waits.

(2809) Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin. He has another fist under his beard.

(2810) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups he pushes the world down

(2811) If you have $5 and Chuck Norris has $5, then Chuck Norris has $10

(2812) Chuck Norris is the real reason cloning humans is banned.  
If two Chuck Norri ever roundhouse kicked each other simultaneously scientists say such a contact would end the known universe.

(2813) It's impossible to be raped by Chuck Norris, because that would mean you didn't want it to happen!

(2814) God said let there be light. Chuck Norris said say please.

(2815) Everyone has 48 chromosomes. Chuck Norris has 96 and they're all poisonous

(2816) Chuck Norris can jumpstart a car with his nipples

(2817) Chuck Norris Cuts knives with bread.

(2818) Chuck Norris invented the one legged asskicking contest.  He won by default because no one qualified

(2819) Chuck Norris buys oneself short .

(2820) Fun fact: the big bang was actually Chuck Norris lighting his fart on fire.

(2821) When Chuck Norris does push ups, he pushes earth down

(2822) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees

(2823) Chuck Norris doesn't believe in Germany

(2824) When Chuck Norris throws a cat, it doesn't fall down on its legs. Actually, it never falls down at all.

(2825) Jesus can walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(2826) People telling Chuck Norris jokes can be funny. But when Chuck Norris starts telling jokes it makes you speechless.

(2827) Just "Chuck Norris" because his *is* a joke.

(2828) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(2829) Chuck Norris doesn’t believe in Germany.

(2830) Chuck Norris used to be a farmer. He got bored after giving all those peas a black eye

(2831) Chuck Norris has a bear carpet in his house. The bear is still alive though, it's too terrified to move.

(2832) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

Edit: saw someone beat me to it. Such a good one, though.

(2833) Chuck Norris doesn't do push-ups-- he pushes the world down.

(2834) Chuck Norris doesn’t tea bag he potato sacks

(2835) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad

(2836) Chuck Norris’s tears cure cancer. 
It’s too bad he doesn’t cry.

(2837) When Chuck Norris jumps into water, he doesn’t get wet, the water gets Chuck Norrised

The boogeyman checks his closet every night for Chuck Norris

(2838) Chuck  Norris didn't dial the wrong number  , YOU answered the wrong phone

(2839) The titanic didn’t hit an ice berg it Chuck Norris swimming laps

(2840) Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(2841) Jesus can walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(2842) Jesus could walk on water.

But 

Chuck Norris could swim on land.

(or something like that, it's been 20 years...)

(2843) Chuck Norris doesn't have AIDS but he gives it to people anyways.

(2844) Chuck Norris doesn’t breathe. He holds air hostage.

(2845) Chuck Norris never dials a wrong number. People just answer the wrong phone.

(2846) Chuck Norris was born from his Aunt cause nobody dared to fuck his Mother

(2847) Not a joke, but my brother was stationed at Taqaddum during Iraqi Freedom. They were bombarded with mortar attacks for weeks. Chuck came to visit the base, and the mortars stopped literally for that one day. Chuck, battle stopper.

(2848) Chuck Norris once got into a battle with the world's biggest Boa Constrictor and after 3 days he realized he was masturbating

(2849) Chuck Norris was born by his aunt, cause nobody dared to fuck his mom.

(2850) Chuck Norris' grandson was kicked off a game show for cheating.

(2851) Chuck Norris does not get wet on rainy days, the water get Chuck Norrised.

(2852) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups…he pushes the earth away from him

(2853) Chuck Norris has never missed a round house kick. But in the event he does, the sheer force of the air flow generated is enough to shatter your pelvis.

Chuck Norris once sued NBC for copyright infringement when they broadcast the first episode of "Law & Order". "Law & Order" are the names for his left and right legs.

(2854) On Thanksgiving day, Chuck Norris was host8ng Thanksgiving dinner.  His wife was preparing the dinner, but burnt the turkey.  Terrified, she went into the living room and said "Chuck, I'm so sorry, I'm afraid I burned the turkey."

Chuck stared at her wordlessly, then walked out the door.  All the guests looked at each other confused, when Chuck burst back into the room with a live turkey.  Without a word, he snapped the turkey's neck, then swallowed it whole.

As his guests stared at him dumbfounded, Chuck Norris throws up a perfectly cooked turkey, ham, mashed potatoes, stuffing, carrots, salad, gravy, wine, even a beautiful centerpiece with lit candles.

Chuck's wife looks at him and says "Chuck, that's amazing, how did you do that?"  Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks her clean through the wall and says:
"NEVER QUESTION CHUCK NORRIS"

(2855) Chuck Norris’s tears cure cancer but unfortunately he’s never cried.

(2856) Chuck Norris once brought a stillborn lamb back to life by rubbing the lamb against his beard. He then proceeded to roundhouse kick that lamb and killed it instantly. When asked why he responded “The good Chuck givith and the good chuck taketh.”

(2857) When Chuck Norris falls into water, he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris.

(2858) As a tennis player we also have Roger Federer jokes. For example:

Roger Federer is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.

Roger Federer is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his forehand and backhand respectively.

(2859) Chuck Norris divides by zero.

(2860) These jokes weren't funny when they started. Why would you think they'd be funny a decade later?

(2861) The Bible was originally titled “Chuck Norris and Friends”

(2862) First a classic : When Chuck Norris jumps into water he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris.

Personal favorite : Kids check their closet for the Boogeyman. The Boogeyman checks his closet for Chuck Norris.

(2863) Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He just stares them down until he gets the information he wants.

(2864) Chuck Norris was born May,6 1945. Nazi Germany surrendered May,7 1945. Coincidence? I think not.

(2865) Chuck Norris never switches on the fan, instead, he himself revolves beneath.

(2866) Chuck Norris doesn't need social media.  He is already following you.

(2867) Chuck Norris can gurgle peanut butter. 
Chuck Norris makes onions cry.
Boogieman babies are told Chuck Norris stories.

(2868) Chuck Norris has died long ago, but the reaper was to scared to tell him.

(2869) Chuck Norris.

That's it, he's the joke.

(2870) Chuck Norris once are four baby turtles. When they passed through him; they were grown up and martial arts masters. This is the true origin on the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

(2871) Chuck Norris is no joke

(2872) Chuck Norris doesn’t have a control key on his keyboard because he’s always in control.

(2873) Scientists all over the world had to create a new and more accurate table of elements, as the only element recognized by Chuck Norris, is the element of surprise.

(2874) Jesus can walk on water.


Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(2875) If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you. If you can’t see Chuck Norris, you may be seconds away from death.

(2876) I’ve heard some amazing ones:

Chuck Norris hides a pillow under his gun. 
Chuck Norris can swim on land. 
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.

(2877) Chuck Norris secretly has sex with every girl on the planet once a month. Thus they bleed.

(2878) For his good lookings and martial arts skills Chuck Norris sold his soul to the devil. As soon as he got his skills, he roundhouse kicked the devil in the face and took his soul back. The devil wasn't mad and said he should have seen it coming and since then they play poker every second thursday in the month.

(2879) Chuck Norris’ tears cure cancer……but Chuck Norris has never cried

(2880) Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table because he only believes in the element of surprise

(2881) Chuck Norris does not eat honey, he chews bees.

(2882) Chuck Norris’ daughter lost her virginity. 


Chuck got it back.

(2883) On Chuck Norris' birthday one lucky child is chosen at random to be hurled into the sun.

(2884) I once saw Chuck Norris running, I was driving by and asked him, "Hey, do you need a lift?"
He replied, "no, I'm in a hurry!"

(2885)  Chuck Norris knows Victoria's secret

(2886) Chuck Norris doesn’t read.  He stares down books until they give him the information he wants.

(2887) I once saw Chuck Norris running, I was driving by and asked him, "Hey, do you need a lift?"
He replied, "no, I'm in a hurry!"

(2888) Chuck Norris doesn’t read.  He stares down books until they give him the information he wants.

(2889) Chuck Norris once uppercut a horse and turned it into a giraffe....🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣

(2890) Chuck Norris can download additional RAM.

(2891) Chuck Norris doesn’t read.  He stares down books until they give him the information he wants.

(2892) Chuck Norris can download additional RAM.

(2893) Chuck Norris once uppercut a horse and turned it into a giraffe....🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣

(2894) Chuck Norris doesn’t read.  He stares down books until they give him the information he wants.

(2895) Hi. My name is Chuck Norris.

(2896) Hi. My name is Chuck Norris.

(2897) Chuck Norris knows Victoria's Secret

(2898) [Google won't search for Chuck Norris](https://th.bing.com/th/id/R.acaad03915e1ed49e3acb067a6924e03?rik=hEeuQOHeRPnilA&riu=http%3a%2f%2floyalkng.com%2fwp-content%2fuploads%2f2010%2f01%2fchuck-norris-google-where-is-he-find-you-bing-yahoo-.jpg&ehk=%2bor0mRm0u96XK9CYJ6oeG4yIifIV1V83LP2rt5Obpsk%3d&risl=&pid=ImgRaw&r=0&PC=EMMX01)

(2899) Chuck Norris was born by his aunt,…
because nobody had the guts to fuck his mother…

(2900) Chuck Norris was born by his aunt,…
because nobody had the guts to fuck his mother…

(2901) You think they are jokes, but just watch this scene from the Chuck Norris [documentary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdwC4vhc594)

(2902) Hi. My name is Chuck Norris.

(2903) Chuck Norris once lit a fart in the Sahara Forest

(2904) Due to extensive research done by the University of Pittsburgh, Chuck Norris has been confirmed as the hardest man known to man. The research is as follows:

Pocket-protected scientists built a wall made of iron and crashed Chuck Norris into it at 400 miles per hour, and Chuck Norris was unharmed. They then built a wall out of Chuck Norris and crashed a car made of iron moving at 400 miles an hour into the wall, and Chuck Norris came out fine. They then crashed Chuck Norris made of 400 miles per hour into a wall, and there were no survivors. They crashed 400 miles per hour into Chuck Norris travelling at iron car. Western New York was powerless for hours. They rammed a wall made of metal into 400 miles an hour made of Chuck Norris, and the resulting explosion shifted earths orbit 400 million miles away from the sun, saving the earth from a meteor the size of a small Washington suburb that was hurtling towards mid-western Prussia at 400 billion miles an hour. They shot Chuck Norris made of iron at a car moving at 400 walls per hour, and as a result caused over 10000 wayward planes to lose track of their bearings, and make a fatal crash with over 10000 buildings in downtown New York. They spun 400 miles at Chuck Norris into iron per wall. The results were inconclusive. Finally, they placed 400 Chuck Norrises per hour in front of a car made of wall travelling at miles per iron, and the result proved with out a doubt that Chuck Norris is the hardest man of all time, if not just the hardest man known to man.

(2905) Chuck Norris does in fact, live in a round house

(2906) If at first you don't succeed...
you are not Chuck Norris.

(2907) Chuck Norris doesn't tea bag, he potato sacks

(2908) Chuck Norris played tennis against a brick wall and won!

(2909) When he was a kid, he got sick and missed 2 days of school. From then, these days are called Saturday and Sunday.

(2910) Chuck Norris doesn’t drive a car the car drives him

(2911) Chuck Norris once arm wrestled Superman. The loser had to wear their underwear above their pants.

(2912) Chuck Norris doesn't celebrate his birthday, the birthday celebrates him.

(2913) Why do people not like chick Norris?

(2914) Chuck Norris car does not drive on gasoline, it drives on respect,..

(2915) Chuck Norris attacks sharks when he smells their blood.

Chuck Norris can cure cancer with his tears. Unfortunately, he never cries.

(2916) Chuck Norris mined 22M Bitcoin

(2917) Chuck Norris can slam shut a revolving door

(2918) Why is Chuck Norris always on top?!?!

Because Chuck Norris doesn’t fuck up!

(2919) Chuck Norris can break a plastic bottle over your head.

(2920) He can divide by zero.

(2921) Chuck Norris had a paper route as a young lad. There were no survivors

(2922) Chuck Norris lost his viginity before his dad did.

(2923) I once had pizza on a table next to Chuck Norris..not a joke just a celebrity moment for me. He seemed normal, I was half expecting him to eat the whole pizza in one bite.

(2924) On Chuck Norris' first day of school he patted his dad on the shoulder and said "you're the man of the house now".

(2925) The only thing behind Chuck Norris’ beard is another fist.

(2926) In Ryan, Oklahoma, Main Street was renamed to Chuck Norris Boulevard. However, they had to change the name back because of all of the casualties. Nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.

(2927) One time a mountain fell on top of Chuck Norris, poor mountain never knew what hit it!

(2928) They named a bridge after Chuck Norris, but it’s unused because no one crosses Chuck Norris.

(2929) Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas

(2930) Chuck Norris only once made an error. When he thought he made an error.

(2931) Then Gandalf the Grey and Gandalf the White
And Monty Python and the Holy Grail's black knight
And Benito Mussolini and the Blue Meanie
And Cowboy Curtis and Jambi the Genie
Robocop, The Terminator, Captain Kirk, and Darth Vader
Lo-pan, Superman, every single Power Ranger
Bill S. Preston and Theodore Logan
Spock, The Rock, Doc Ock, and Hulk Hogan
All came out of nowhere lightning fast
And they kicked Chuck Norris in his cowboy ass
It was the bloodiest battle that the world ever saw
With civilians looking on in total awe

(2932) What I want to know is how did Chuck Norris get such a reputation?  There have been a lot of tough guys in the world, why is Chuck Norris the toughest?

(2933) Chuck Norris once jumped off the Washington Bridge. The water died.

(2934) Is anyone reminded or barrens chat?

(2935) Chuck Norris went to McDonald’s and ordered a Whopper. He got a Whopper.

(2936) Once death had a near Chuck Norris experience

(2937) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(2938) Origin of the word “chuckle”: someone once said, “if you don’t stop giggling like a little girl, Chuck’ll kick your butt.”

(2939) Chuck Norris raped catholic priests when he was a little boy.

(2940) Chuck Norris is the only man who can actually kill time

(2941) The folders of Windows 11 on Chuck Norris’ PC are made from real leather.

(2942) Chuck Norris was forced to spend 10 days with Amber Heard. People were jealous but It was punishment for Amber Heard.

(2943) Chuck Norris *can* believe it's not butter

(2944) Chuck Norris doesn't do pushups; he pushes the ground down!

(2945) How many pushups can he do? All of them.

(2946) Chuck Norris is not hung like a horse. Horses are hung like Chuck Norris.

(2947) Chuck Norris out-pizza’d the Hut

(2948) Chuck Norris eats coal and than shit diamonds.

(2949) Chuck Norris didn’t dial the wrong number. You answered the wrong phone.

(2950) Chuck Norris dosnt swim, water just wants to be around him

(2951) Chuck Norris’s tears cure cancer. It’s a shame he never cries.

(2952) Chuck Norris was actually supposed to die a couple years ago. But the Grim Reaper is still working up the courage to go get him.

(2953) Chuck Norris can cut a knife with butter.

(2954) Chuck Norris played in the sand when he was 2.

Now it is known as the Grand canyon.

(2955) Chuck Norris doesn’t throw up. He throws down.

(2956) When God said “Let there be light!” Chuck Norris replied “Say please”

(2957) They say under Chuck Norris' beard there is not a chin. Only another fist.

(2958) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups. He does earth downs.

(2959) Chuck norris once went to hell and asked the devil for a room. The devil agreed and selected the meanest, nastiest demon he could find. That same demon came out wet, crying and afraid with a missing penis and two bruises.

Sex with Chuck Norris is like riding a roller coaster, It's long, painful and only fun for the person doing it.

(2960) Chuck Norris attacks sharks when he smells them bleed

(2961) Chuck Norris slammed a revolving door once, and its still spinning today 'cause it's too afraid to stop.

(2962) Why did Chuck Norris destroy the periodic table? 

Because he only believes in the element of surprise!

(2963) If Chuck Norris were in the Silmarilian it would be a 3 page long graphic novel about Morgoth getting his cheeks clapped.

(2964) Under Chuck Norris' beard there is no chin, only another first.

(2965) Reddit posts on Chuck Norris.

(2966) Check out this one: Chuck Norris is an outspoken, Far-right, anti-LGBTQ Republican.

(2967) Chuck Norrises tears actually cure cancer. Too bad Chuck Norris doesn't cry. Ever.

(2968) Chuck Norris can digest corn.

(2969) Chuck Norris doesn’t throw up. He throws down.

(2970) Chuck Norris killed threw a grenade and killed 20 people, then it blew up

(2971) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

(2972) Chuck Norris once gave a horse an uppercut. It’s descendants are known as giraffes.

(2973) Chuck Norris's girlfriend once asked him how much wood a woodchuck could chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood. He then shouted, "HOW DARE YOU RHYME IN THE PRESENCE OF CHUCK NORRIS!" and ripped out her throat. Holding his girlfriend's bloody throat in his hand he bellowed, "Don't fuck with Chuck!" Two years and five months later he realized the irony of this statement and laughed so hard that anyone within a hundred mile radius of the blast went deaf.

(2974) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups, he pushes the world down

(2975) Chuck Norris threw a granade once. 10 people were killed... and then the granade exploded

(2976) Chuck Norris doesn’t have a chin under his beard only another fist

They tried to make chuck norris themed toilet paper, it failed because Chuck Norris doesn’t take shit from anyone

(2977) If Chuck Norris falls into the water, he's not wet. The water is Chuck Norris.

(2978) Chuck Norris is so fast, he can circle the globe and punch himself in the back of the head!

(2979) While filming Walker Texas Ranger, a baby sheep was killed in a horrific accident. Chuck laid his hands on the lamb and it sprung to life. He then stood up and roundhouse kicked it in the skull, killing it instantly. The good Chuck giveth and the good Chuck taketh away.

(2980) There is no such things as race,
Only shades of blackness from being round house kicked by Chuck Norris.

(2981) When Chuck Norris does push-ups, he's not pushing himself up from the ground, he's pushing the ground away from him.

(2982) Chuck Norris can spam a revolving door

(2983) There is no evolution, only things that Chuck Norris allows to live.

(2984) Yes, Chuck Norris can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head

(2985) Superman wear Chuck Norris pajamas to bed.

(2986) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

(2987) When Chick Norris goes swimming, he doesnt get wet... the water gets Chuck Norris

(2988) Chuck Norris went to the Virgin Islands, Now they’re just The Islands

(2989) As a kid, Chuck Norris molested a priest.

(2990) Under Chuck Norris’ beard, there is no chin. Only another fist.

(2991) Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg.

(2992) Check noris and supean once had an arm wrestle competition, the loser had to wear their pants on top of their trousers

(2993) Chuck Norris once visited The Virgin Islands. Now they’re just The Islands.

(2994) Chuck norrin was having a shower and he slipped on a bar of soap.  So he grabbed the water and pulled himselp up

(2995) How many push-ups can chuck Norris do?



All of them

(2996) The one about the snake dying after biting him...

(2997) Chuck Norris once guest starred on celebrities Wheel of Fortune and spun first. The next 47 mins of the show consisted of everyone standing around awkwardly waiting for the wheel to stop.

Chuck Norris was once biten by a venomous snake. After 3 weeks of agonizing pain, the snake finally died.

(2998) When Chuck Norris plays chess he only needs one piece, a black pawn. Your move!

(2999) Chuck Norris can divide by 0

(3000) Chuck Norris was born in a house he built with his bare hands.

(3001) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(3002) When the boogeyman man goes to sleep he checks under the bed for Chuck Norris

(3003) Chuck Norris got exposed to Covid19, Covid19 is now in quarantine...

(3004) His favorite casual footwear are Legos.

(3005) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep. He waits.

(3006) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed eight people with it.

Then the grenade exploded.

(3007) Chuck Norris can speak French...in Russian.

(3008) Chuck Norris makes the onions cry, when he cuts them.

(3009) Chuck Norris was born in a cabin he built himself.

(3010) Jesus walked on water, Chuck Norris swam through land.

(3011) They wanted to add Chuck Norris to mount Rushmore, but the rock was not strong enough to represent his beard.

(3012) Chuck Norris can download RAM.

(3013) Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.

(3014) Jesus walks on water yet Chuck Norris swims on land.

(3015) As a kid, Chuck Norris molested a priest.

(3016) Chuck Norris threw a grenade that killed 10 men. Then it exploded.

(3017) If Chuck Norris farts... we roll the windows up.

(3018) Chuck Norris is so fast he can turn the lights off and be under the blankets asleep before the room gets dark

(3019) Chuck Norris needed privacy, he created horizon.

(3020) Just a few I haven’t seen posted yet:

1. The average room contains over 100 items chuck norris can use to kill a person, including the room itself 

2. Never ask chuck norris for a ‘3 hole punch’

3. Chuck norris doesn’t stub his toes, he just destroyes chairs and curbs.

(3021) Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(3022) The opening sequence of Saving Private Ryan is loosely based on games of dodgeball Chick Norris played as a kid.

(3023) Chuck Norris once got bit by a rattle snake. After 6 DAYS of agonizing pain..... the rattle snake died.

(3024) The only time Chuck Norris was ever wrong was when he thought that he had made a mistake.

(3025) Chuck Norris once had sex in a semi truck, a bit of his semen got into the engine compartment.  The truck is now known as Optimus Prime

(3026) The absolute best one only works in portuguese: Chuck norris tomou uma facada no olho. A faca ficou cega

(3027) The dinosaurs pissed Chuck Norris once. ONCE.

(3028) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade that killed 10 men... and then it exploded.

(3029) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 8 people... before it exploded.

(3030) Despite only using 13% of his power, Chuck Norris' Round house kick can obliterate 50% of your body.

(3031) Chuck Norris masturbates with a hammer.

(3032) Chuck Norris can stand faster than anyone can run

(3033) Chuck Norris is the only person ever that visited the sun................. He stayed there a couple nights and then returned

(3034) Jesus walked on water, but Chuck Norris swam through land

(3035) One time, Death had a near-Chuck Norris experience

(3036) Chuck Norris’s daughter lost her VIRGINITY. Chuck got it back. 

Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door shut.

(3037) Chuck Norris knows Victoria’s secret.

(3038) Inflation will moderate when Chuck Norris tells it to.

(3039) Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he knocks the shit out of it

(3040) Chuck out deez nuts

(3041) Chuck Norris doesn’t flush the toilet, he scare’s the shit out of it.

(3042) Is there a way to mass-block everyone who has contributed to a certain thread?

(3043) How many push-ups can chuck norris do? All of them.

(3044) Chuck Norris wears a live rattlesnake as a condom.

(3045) When Chuck Norris jumps in the ocean, he doesn’t get wet, the ocean gets Chuck Norris.

(3046) My three favorites have always been:

When Chuck Norris jumps in the water, Chuck Norris doesnt get wet. The wet gets Chuck Norris.

Chuck Norris once skydived and his parachute didnt open. So he returned it the next day. 

Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 12 people. Then the grenade blew up.

(3047) Chuck Norris Had A Heart Attack. His Heart Lost.

(3048) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad.

(3049) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

(3050) Chuck Norris killed five people with a hand grenade. He then pulled the pin, threw it, and killed another twelve.

(3051) Did you hear Chuck Norris went to a feminist rally? He came back with his shirt ironed and a sandwich.

(3052) Chuck Norris lives in a roundhouse.

(3053) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet with his pee. 

If you stare at an american flag long enough, a 3d image of Chuck Norris appears. 


Every year on his birthday, Chuck Norris gets to roundhouse kick a child into the sun.

(3054) Chuck Norris said the world would fall into 1000 years of darkness if Obama was re-elected in 2012.

(3055) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin that he built with his bare hands

(3056)  They're all great.        Fun fact on Chuck Norris. If you ever make the mistake of pissing him off? Get you some broasted chicken and give it him immediately. It may distract him long enough for you to escape.
Chuck fiends Chicken

(3057) When Chuck Norris goes swimming he doesn't get wet, the water gets Chuck Norris

(3058) This joke was originally told by Will Riker about his Grandfather

(3059) -His tears cure cancer. Too bad he never cries. 
-He once visited the Virgin Islands for 1 second. They are now called “the Islands.

(3060) When Chuck Norris dives into a lake, he doesn't get wet. The lake gets Chuck Norris.

(3061) Chuck Norris dick is so big it has its own dick. And that dick is still bigger than your dick.

(3062) Chuck Norris is so tough, when he punches a ballot America gets a bruise.

(3063) Chuck Norris once pissed in the tank of a semi truck. That truck is now called Optimus Prime.

(3064) Chuck Norris brought back to life a baby deer on set by rubbing his beard against it then subsequently did a round house kick and killed it to prove that what Chuck Norris gives he can/will take.

(3065) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(3066) Chuck Norris doesn't push himself up, he pushes the world down.

(3067) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(3068) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin islands. Now they are just known as "the islands". 

Chuck Norris dosent tea bag his opponents, he potato sacks them.

(3069) Chuck Norris doesn't read. He stares down the books and gets the information he needs.

(3070) Stockholm suffers from Chuck Norris Syndrome.

(3071) When Chuck Norris does a push-up, he pushes the world down.

(3072) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 8 people, then the grenade exploded

(3073) Chuck Norris CAN believe it’s not butter!

(3074) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep, he waits.

(3075) I also miss Barrens chat

(3076) Love the Google Easter egg: type in where is chuck norris and him im feeling lucky…

The response is:

“Google won't search for Chuck Norris because it knows you don't find Chuck Norris, he finds you.”

(3077) Oh I have a couple!

Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father did.

If Jesus can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim on land.

Edit: one more...

When Chuck Norris has sex, he's always on top.  Chuck Norris never fucks up.

(3078) Chuck Norris died yesterday. He’s feeling much better today.

(3079) Chuck Norris can start a fire by rubbing 2 ice cubes together.

(3080) Jesus could walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(3081) When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesn’t turn the lights on, he turns the dark off.

(3082) Lance Armstrong once challanged Chuck Norris to see who had more testicles. Chuck Norris won by 5.

(3083) Chuck Norris once round house kicked so hard that his leg went back in time and killed Amelia Earhart while she flew across the Pacific.

(3084) Chuck Norris can put out fires with gasoline.

(3085) Wilt chamberlain claims to have slept with 20,000 women is his career.  Chuck Norris considers this a slow Tuesday.  

Chuck Norris only masturbates to pictures of chuck Norris

(3086) Chuck Norris once strangled a dude with a wireless phone.

(3087) Chuck Norris blows for cab fare then walks home

(3088) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with a massive erection. There were no survivors.

(3089) Did you know guck Norris’s tears can cure cancer….
Too bad he never cries.

(3090) Here's a good few I remember from back in the day: 

Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle...

Chuck Norris can hear sign language..

There are no street names after Chuck Norris... Because no one would dare cross Chuck Norris.

(3091) Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin under his beard. He has a third fist.

(3092) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands.  They are now referred to as “the islands”.

(3093) Chuck Norris sleeps with the light on. Not because he’s scared of the dark.
Because the dark is scared of him.

(3094) When chuck Norris jumps in the water he doesn't get wet, the water gets Chuck Norris.

(3095) Chuck Norris doesn't call it sex if the woman lives

(3096) Chuck Norris once jizzed on the seat of an old  truck. That truck is now know as Optimus prime.

(3097) Idk but I probably heard it in the Barrens .

(3098) Chuck Norris doesn't retreat: he fights in the opposite direction.

(3099) Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.

(3100) Chuck Norriss' tears can cure cancer; too bad he never cries.

(3101) Chuck Norris has never paid taxes.

(3102) Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter

(3103) Light can’t escape black holes, and black holes can’t escape Chuck Noris

(3104) His career.

(3105) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands.  Now they're just called the Islands.

(3106) Jesus can walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim in cement

(3107) Damn the tops comments in here start off so strong then it falls away quick haha

(3108) Chuck Norris walked the Kessel Run in less than 10 parseks

(3109) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 24 people, then the grenade exploded...

(3110) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands.
Now they’re just called the islands.

(3111) Superman wears chuck norris pajamas

(3112) Jesus could walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(3113) Jesus could walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(3114) Balls of Fury where Chuck Norris is one of the judges for the Dodgeball championship and he votes for the main characters to be allowed to play in the finals.

(3115) Chuck Norris built the house he was born in with his bare hands.

(3116) Chuck sneezes with eyes opened

(3117) Chuck Norris broke the land speed record on a bicycle that was missing its chain and rear tire.

(3118) Chuck Norris once went to the Virgin Islands.   Now, they're just called "The Islands".

(3119) Chuck Norris once round house kicked a horse in the jaw. It’s descendants are known as giraffes

(3120) Chuck Norris doesn’t flush the toilet, he scares the shit outta it!

(3121) God said "Let there be Light!" Chuck Norris said: "Say please."

(3122) How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck norris?

(3123) God said "Let there be Light!" Chuck Norris said: "Say please."

(3124) Chuck Norris doesn't do "push-ups."

He does "Earth-Downs."

(3125) Chuck Norris doesn't call Saul. Saul calls him.

(3126) In WW2, Chuck Norris shot down a German plane by pointing at it with his finger and yelling "BANG!"

(3127) Chuck Norris doesn't call Saul. Saul calls him.

(3128) My favourite has always been:

Jesus Walked on Water but Chuck Norris can Swim on Land.

(3129) Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.

(3130) Chuck Norris once produced a roundhouse kick so hard he went back in time and fathered himself.

(3131) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 50 people, and then the grenade exploded.

(3132) Chuck Norris built the pyramids.

(3133) Chuck Norris ends every relationship with….
“It’s not me, it’s you”.

(3134) Chuck Norris never go WC. cuz he never shit

(3135) Giraffes were invented when Chuck Norris uppercutted a horse.

(3136) Chuck Norris has a holiday home on the sun

(3137) My favorite is this:

Chuck Norris is famous for being tough, but he is actually a homophobic coward, has supported pedophiles like Roy Moore, and thinks creationism has more scientific merit than, well, science.

(3138) Those are not credits at the end of Texas ranger, their obituaries.

Alien vs predator was originally alien vs predator vs chuck Norris but the crew scrapped it after the movie only had a 7 minute runtime.

Chuck Norris was on an unaired episode of wheel of fortune. It wasn’t shown because for the entire duration of the show everyone stood around awkwardly waiting for Norris’s spin to stop.

(3139) Chuck Norris once held up a bank at gun point. Over the phone. 

Chunk Norris can choke you with a cordless phone.

(3140) Chuck Norris once skipped school for 3 whole months. Now we have summer vacation

(3141) When Chuck Norris jumps in water he doesn't  get wet. The water gets Chuck Norrised!

(3142) A drop of Chuck Norris’ tears cures cancer. But Chuck Norris never cries.

(3143) Who would win in a race between Superman and the Flash?  Chuck Norris

(3144) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father.

(3145) Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.

Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.

Chuck Norris counted to infinity... twice.

(3146) Very few people know this, but Chuck Norris was actually the fourth wise man.

Chuck Norris generously gave baby Jesus the gift of beard, which Jesus carried with him until his death.

The other three wise men were so enraged by the preference that Jesus showed to Chuck's gift, and they arranged to have him written out of the bible.

All three wise men died soon after of mysterious roundhouse-kick related injuries.

FACT!!!

(3147) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father did.

(3148) Chuck Norris is part of, and a promoter of, an MLM scheme.

(3149) They tried to carve Chuck Norris into Mt. Rushmore but the rock was too soft to represent his beard.

(3150) Superman and Chuck Norris decided to have a fist fight, they agreed that the one that loses has wear their underwear on the outside.

(3151) Chuck Norris was once bit by a king cobra. After 3 days of brutal agony, the cobra died.

(3152) Behind every successful man is a good woman. Behind every dead man is Chuck Norris.

(3153) Chuck Norris can Slam a revolving door.

(3154) I really liked the "Chuck Norris once fell in lava, he almost drowned"

Only one that had any creativity beyond "how do we say that he is very very badass?"

Like I thought they were funny, but not years later funny. Reminds me of when through a series of unfortunate events I ended up writing a 21 page paper on Jute's most popular product, burlap.

(3155) Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky.

(3156) Chuck Norris once killed a man and then brought him back to life just to kill him again because the man had the audacity to die before Chuck Norris was done killing him

(3157) Chuck Norris' Daughter lost her virginity...
He got it back.

(3158) Chuck Norris led a horse to water, and made him drink.

(3159) Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet. He scares the shit out of it.

(3160) Every year on Norris’s birthday, one lucky child is selected to be thrown into the Sun.

(3161) There is no chin under Chuck Norris' beard. There is just another fist.

(3162) Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer

(3163) Chuck Norris does not tea bag, he potato sacks.

(3164) Under Chuck Norris' beard theres just another fist

(3165) Chuck Norris CAN believe it’s not butter

(3166) chuck norris isn’t afraid of the dark, the darks afraid of him 

chuck norris doesn’t get wet, the water gets chuck norris

(3167) chuck norris is a strong, handsome man

(3168) The monster under the bed is scared of Chuck Norris.

(3169) Chuck Norris can see John Cena

(3170) If Jesus can walk on water Chuck Norris can swim in concrete

(3171) Chuck Norris doesn’t push himself up when doing push-ups, he pushes the world down.

(3172) Chuck Norris doesn't turn on his shower, he stares at it until it starts to cry

And

Chuck Norris doesn't have perfect aim, his bullets just know better than to miss.

(3173) Chuck Norris rhymes with orange

(3174) When Chuck Norris falls out of a boat, Chuck Norris doesn’t get wet, the water gets Chuck Norrised

(3175) Chuck Norris knows the muffin man

(3176) Chuck Norris was exposed to COVID-19. COVID-19 now in isolation for 14 days, may need to be hospitalised.

(3177) Chuck Norris once got a man pregnant.

(3178) Chuck Norris once had a one night stand in the back of a truck. He threw the condom on the seat. 

That truck is Optimus Prime

(3179) Chuck Norris drives an ice cream truck covered in human skulls.

It’s just so bizarre and absurd.

(3180) He gargles Nutella

(3181) Chuck Norris’ cereal doesn’t go “snap, crackle, pop” it goes “shhh. Here he comes”

(3182) Chuck Norris doesn't do pushups, he does earthdowns

(3183) When Chuck Norris does push ups, he doesn’t lift himself off of the ground…he pushes the Earth away.

(3184) None, they are all true.

(3185) Chuck Norris eats steel for breakfast and craps out rebar.

(3186) Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups.... He pushes the world down

(3187) Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone..

(3188) God said  - Let there be light!

Chuck Norris said - Say please.

(3189) Chuck Norris is not afraid of the dark, the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.

(3190) I never heard a Chuck Norris joke, what are you guys talking about?
Everything they say about him is true...

(3191) In Expendables 2 Stallone asks Chuck if the rumor was true that he was bit by a King Cobra. 

Chuck replies "yeah it's true... And after 5 days of agonizing pain... The cobra died."

(3192) When chuck Norris turned 18, his parents moved out.

(3193) When Chuck Norris goes into the water, he doesn't get wet. The water becomes Chuck Norris.

(3194) Chuck Norris is the only person to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.

(3195) The Chuck Norris action figure has slept with more women then most men.

(3196) After Chuck Norris went to The Virgin Islands they were just called The Islands.

(3197) Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. 

Water gets Chuck Norissed.

(3198) Chuck Norris can hear the sound of one hand clapping

(3199) Jesus can walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(3200) I’m so sick of people praising Chuck Norris. If he really is the shit, then why doesn’t he show up right now and smash my face into the keyboarndnsjeudbdjsieh

(3201) Chuck Norris once uppercut a horse. That's how we ended up with giraffes

(3202) Chuck Norris once threw a roundhouse kick so fast he traveled back in time to the day of the Kennedy assassination. When he realized what was about to happen he moved so quick he managed to stop all 3 bullets with his bare hands, then Kennedy’s head exploded out of shear amazement.

(3203) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(3204) When Chuck Norris does pushups, he's not pushing himself up, he's pushing the world down...

(3205) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 25 people. Then the grenade exploded.

(3206) Chuck Norris once slammed shut a revolving door.

(3207) Chuck Norris can believe it’s not butter.

(3208) When Chuck Norris pours milk into a bowl of rice crispies, they shut the fuck up!

(3209) They made a Chuck Norris toilet paper, but it wouldn't take shit from anyone.

When the boogeyman goes to bed at night, he checks under his bed for Chuck Norris.

(3210) Chuck Norris is his own father

(3211) “God spent 6 days creating the world and on the 7th when he rested, Chuck Norris took over”

(3212) The Sun cannot look directly into the eyes of Chuck Norris.

(3213) Chuck Norris throws a hand grenade and kills 50 people. Then the grenade explodes.

(3214) Chuck Norris can lift a safe above his head, with himself in it.

(3215) when chuck norris gets into the water he doesnt become wet, but the water becomes chuck norris.

(3216) They once named a street after chuck norris but soon had to change the name…noone crosses chuck norris and lives

(3217) Chuck Norris owns the Brooklyn bridge

(3218) Every time you ask Chuck Norris what time it is, he will always tell you, "two seconds 'til."

Before you can ask, "two seconds 'til what?" He roundhouse kicks you in the face.

(3219) It's not always in the comments.

(3220) The shit he's said publicly it's a joke into itself

(3221) Your mom

(3222) Once a year on Chuck Norris's birthday he chooses one lucky child and throws them into the sun.

(3223) Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird

(3224) Jesus walked on water. 
Chuck Norris swims through land.

(3225) Chuck Norris was once bitten by a rattlesnake. After a day of excruciating pain and suffering, the snake died.

(3226) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees.

(3227) Every year on his birthday, Chuck Norris randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun. 

Chuck Norris once lit one of his farts on fire while camping in the Sahara Forest. 

Chuck Norris once inhaled a live seagull. 

Chuck Norris’ poop is a valid form of currency in Cambodia. 

Some people like pepperoni on their pizza. Some people like olives. Chuck Norris prefers Venezuela. 

Chuck Norris doesn’t believe in Germany.

(3228) When Chuck Norris left home at 10 years of age he turned to his dad and said "You're now the man of this house"

(3229) When James Cameron went on his record breaking submarine dive and looked out the small window, the first thing he saw was Chuck Norris trying out his new swimming goggles.

(3230) Chuck Norris was born with three testicles. He ripped one off and threw it into the ocean. We now call it Australia

(3231) Chuck Norris once ordered a Big Mac at Burger King and got it.

(3232) Somebody please send chuck noris this thread 🙏 🤣🤣

(3233) The one I made up way back in the day, probably not to PC nowadays though; They lied about the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings in WWII. They didn't drop A-Bombs, they dropped Chuck Norris out of a plane, he did a round house kick all the way down.

(3234) Heard that one, but way I heard it, he was bitten by a cobra dog.

(3235) Chuck Norris has a toenail on the end of his penis

(3236) Any joke which Chuck Norris tells

(3237) Its not jokes, its fact!

(3238) The ones where he is described as 'an actor'.

(3239) Question: How many push-ups does Chuck Norris do in the morning?

Answer: All of them.

(3240) My favorite is that time when Chuck Norris called David Guetta and asked: “What do you mean the world is mine?”

(3241) Chuck Norris doesn't sleep. He waits.

(3242) When Chuck Norris cuts in line, the line bleeds.

(3243) Chuck Norris accidentally invented jousting when he went horseback riding with an erection.

(3244) Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares at them until they confess.

(3245) Cars were invented by man to escape Chuck Norris.  Car crashes are Chuck Norris' way of saying "No."

(3246) Their is an ancient Chinese legend of a boy, born of a dragon, who will grow up through adversity to become a righteous and honorable man. The time will come when that man is called to action in a time of great tragedy and unrest, and he will rise up against all odds to vanquish evil throughout the land.

That man is not Chuck Norris, because Chuck Norris killed that man.

(3247) Chuck Norris knows why kids love Cinnamon Toast Crunch.

(3248) Chuck Norris traveled back in time to stop the Kennedy assassination. When he roundhouse kicked the bullet, Kennedy’s head blew up from sheer amazement.

(3249) jesus can walk on water but chuck norris can swim on land

(3250) Chuck Norris won a race against light

(3251) Jesus may have walked on water, but Chuck Norris swam through land.

(3252) Chuck Norris hates gay people.

(3253) Chuck Norris' kicking power can actually alter your DNA.  He can kick you, then 30 years later your grandkid will drop to the ground screaming in pain and holding thier head

(3254) That he never comes to any of my family reunions. 

My last name is Norris 🤣

(3255) Gold

(3256) Once a year Chuck Norris picks one lucky child to be thrown into the sun by Chuck Norris.

(3257) Back in 2011: Chuck Norris is actually sleeping. He will wake up Dec 12, 2012

(3258) What's behind chuck Norris's beard? 
 A fist

(3259) And on the first day Chuck Norris said, "let there be God."

(3260) Chuck Norris is the joke.

(3261) Chuck Norris was born in the log cabin he built for his dad

(3262) Chuck Norris and Mr. T walked into a bar.  The bar immediately exploded because that level of awesomeness can not be contained in one location

(3263) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with an Erection.. No one survived

(3264) r/chucknorrisjokes

(3265) Chuck Norris invented crop circles because sometime corn needs to lay the fuck down.

(3266) Superman wears Chuck Norris underoos.

(3267) Chuck Norris doesn’t teabag the ladies…he potato sacks them

(3268) Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin; under his beard is just another fist.

(3269) Chuck Norris can fix anything with nothing, instantly.

(3270) Chuck Norris can dislike a Facebook post

(3271) When Chuck Norris was born, the Holy Trinity became a Quartet.

(3272) Chuck Norris was the fourth wise man. He gave Jesus the gift of *beard*

(3273) When Chick Norris does push-ups , he’s not pushing his body up; he’s pushing the Earth down.

(3274) Chuck Norris can punch a cyclops between the eyes.

(3275) Chuck Norris can't have a heart attack, because nothing is stupid enough to attack Chuck Norris

(3276) Only Chuck Norris can salm revolving doors

(3277) Sorting by controversial shows how strong the divide is b/w the political left and the right: Even Chuck Norris cannot unite them.

(3278) Jesus could walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(3279) Chuck Norris's tears cure cancer but he's never cried a single one.

(3280) Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter.

(3281) Chuck Norris visited the Virgin Islands. Now they’re just called the Islands.

(3282) Chuck Norris doesn’t push himself *up*, he pushes the earth *down*.

(3283) Superman has Chuck Norris pajamas

(3284) Chuck Norris doesn't tea bag the ladies, he potatoe sacks them

(3285) Chuck Norris peed on a truck’s fuel tank once. That truck is now Optimus Prime.

(3286) Chuck Norris nuts parallel universes.

(3287) Did ya hear chuck norris has a bear rug?

The bear is still alive but it’s just afraid to move…

(3288) When Chuck Norris was born the doctor turned to his parents and said “Congratulations, it’s a man.”

(3289) On the first day, God created light.  The day before, Chuck Norris doodled God on his napkin.

(3290) There is no such thing as evolution. Just a list of creatures Chuck Norris allows to exist.

(3291) The flu gets a Chuck Norris shot every year

(3292) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push up, he pushes the world down

(3293) Chuck Norris? Never heard of her...

(3294) When Chuck Norris takes a shower, he doesn't get soapy, the soap gets Chuck Norrisy

(3295) Church Norris once flushed a condom. Two months later, the ninja turtles were born.

(3296) Chuck Norris plays tennis with cannonballs and waffle irons. Years ago A server at work told me this and I burst out laughing so hard for 5 minutes.

(3297) Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet; he scares the shit out of it.

(3298) Chuck Norris is the joke. A christian bigot who plays tough guys on TV.

(3299) Don't let Chuck Norris see this page, he will delete the internet

(3300) When Chuck Norris goes to donate blood, he declines the syringe, and instead requests a hand gun and a bucket.

(3301) When God said, let there be light, Chuck Nortis yelled, say please.

(3302) Chuck Norris recently told a joke about Jada Pinkett. Will Smith slapped himself.

(3303) I actually went to a Rodeo when I was a kid and attempted to get his autograph and the Texas Ranger himself made his bodyguards block me. It was a sad day.

(3304) Chuck Norris doesn't need a watch, he decides what time it is!

(3305) Chuck Norris has to be on top during sex. He doesn’t F-up.

(3306) Chuck Norris doesn’t go Hunting.
Hunting would imply he ever fails-
Chuck Norris goes killing.

(3307) Chuck Norris makes the speed of light wish that it was faster. 

Lincoln may have freed the slaves but Chuck is everyone’s master.

(3308) You know why there were never any Chuck Norris video games. Because NO ONE controls Chuck Norris.

(3309) How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do in a minute?

All of them

(3310) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups….he pushes the world down.

(3311) When America helped the United Kingdom during world war 2 Chuck Norris decided to join the army

That same day Adolf Hitler killed himself

(3312) Chuck Norris once peed into a semi trucks gas tank. That is when Optimus prime was born.

(3313) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups;he pushes the world down.

(3314) While working as a Game Master for World of Warcraft many years ago, I encountered this Chuck Norris joke in Barrens Chat:

*Chuck Norris invented time travel, and decided that he would first use it to prevent the assassination of President Kennedy.*

*He successfully navigated to Dallas, Texas, on the morning of November 22, 1963, and made his way to Dealey Plaza.*

*As the Presidential motorcade approached, and made its way onto Elm Street in the early afternoon, shots rang out!*

*Chuck Norris sprang into action, and successfully caught all three bullets with his beard, saving Kennedy's life!*

*Unfortunately, upon seeing this, President Kennedy's head exploded in amazement.*

(3315) Chuck Norris can walk into a Burger King, order a Big Mac, and get it 😆

(3316) Bigfoot takes pictures of chuck norris

(3317) Evolution doesn't exist. Only animals Chick Norris didn't killed.

(3318) Chuck Norris once pissed in a truck’s gas tank on a dare. The truck is now known as Optimus Prime.

(3319) Chuck Norris doesn't  believe in the periodic table of elements.
Chuck Norris only believes in the element of surprise.

(3320) He gargles peanut butter and blow bubbles with now and laters.

(3321) I was once pissing off the side of a fishing vessel with Chuck Norris.

I jokingly said: "This water is cold."

Chuck replied: "Fucking deep too!".

(3322) Chuck Norris can divide by zero.

(3323) When Chuck Norris left for college he told his dad “you’re the man of the house now.”

(3324) Chuck Norris visited the US Virgin Islands. 

They're now the US Pregnant Islands.

(3325) Chuck Norris once punched someone in the soul

(3326) They say Chuck Norris' tears can cure cancer, which is unfortunate, because Chuck Norris never cries.

(3327) Chuck Norris lives in a Round house

(3328) Chuck Norris doesn’t teabag girls, he potato sacks them.

(3329) Chuck Norris doesn't wear a condom, because there is no protection from Chuck Norris

(3330) Chuck Norris peed in a truck fuel tank. And that when Optimus Prime came to life.

(3331) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did

(3332) Rosa parks was saving her seat for Chuck norris

(3333) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 20 people. Then the grenade exploded and killed 50 more.

(3334) Chuck Norris' ejaculation leaves an exit wound.

(3335) Chuck Norris was once walking down the street and got an erection. There were no survivors.

(3336) Chuck Norris wasn’t born, he round house kicked his way out of the womb, and grew a beard shortly thereafter.

Chuck Norris don’t shave, he round house kicks himself in the face because only Chuck can cut Chuck.

(3337) When Chuck Norris looks in a mirror it shatters because even a mirror isn’t dumb enough come between Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris

(3338) Every night the boogie man looks under his bed to check Chuck Norris isn't hiding there

(3339) As a young boy, Chuck Norris molested Catholic Priests.

(3340) Chuck Norris can believe it’s not butter.

(3341) Chuck Norris went into a black hole..... Then came back OUT!!!

(3342) Chuck Norris doesn't to push-ups, he pushes the world down.

(3343) When Chuck Norris jumps in a pool, he doesn't get wet. The pool gets Chuck Norris.

(3344) His career

(3345) Chuck norris smashes 2 pans in his eggs for breakfast

(3346) Chuck Norris doesnt sleep, he waits

(3347) Chuck Norris ordered a Whopper at McDonald’s and got one.

(3348)  Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone

(3349) Chuck Norris can believe it's not butter

(3350) If you ask Chuck Norris what time it is, he responds, "Two seconds 'til." When you ask, "Two seconds 'til what?", he roundhouse kicks you in the face.

(3351) When Chuck Norris joined the baseball team, they put him first to bat. He hit a grand slam on the first pitch

(3352) Why are there no mirrors wherever Chuck Norris goes? Because NOTHING gets between Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris.

(3353) Jesus could walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim on land.

In the beginning there was nothing. Then God said “let there be light!”. Chuck Norris replied “say please”.

There is no theory of evolution, only a list of animals Chuck Norris let live. 

Chuck Norris once had an orgy in an 18 wheeler, when he finally finished, a little bit of his man juice landed on the truck. That truck is now known as Optimus Prime.

(3354) .

(3355) When Chuck Norris jumps into a pool he doesn't get wet, the water gets Chuck Norris.

(3356) Chuck Norris once had sex in the back of a semi truck. That semi truck is now known as Optimus Prime.

(3357) He doesn’t turn off the light, he turns off the dark

(3358) The one where he dies and then the person telling it dies.

(3359) Chuck Norris can cut a hot knife with butter

(3360) Chuck Norris can eat soup with chopsticks.

(3361) When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris

(3362) Chuck Norris doesn't have a watch. He just decides what time it is.

(3363) Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in

(3364) Chuck Norris knows why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch.

(3365) There is no chin underneath Chuck Norris’s beard. Just another fest.

(3366) Chuck Norris sleeps with a nightlight because the dark is afraid of him

(3367) Chuck Norris doesn’t read he just stares the book down until he gets the information he wants

(3368) Jesus Christ can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(3369) Chuck Norris can dance underwater and not get wet. He had a contest with Lance Armstrong over who had more balls and he won by 3.

(3370) Kevlar is made from Chuck Norris' beard clippings.

(3371) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(3372) Chuck Norris doesn't believe in Germany.

(3373) Chuck norris lost his virginity before his father did

(3374) When Chuck Norris shakes a magic 8 ball, it asks him a question

(3375) Barrens chat has entered the thread.

(3376) Chuck Norris had sex with a prostitute in a semi-truck once, his semen ended up getting fused with the semi. 

This semi-truck is now known as Optimus Prime.

(3377) That he’s my uncle.

(3378) Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter.

(3379) Chuck Norris brushes his teeth with a chainsaw and chuck Norris blows bubbles with beef jerkey

(3380) Chuck Norris can find 243 ways to kill you in a standard living room. The room itself included.

(3381) There is no CTRL button on Chuck Norris' keyboard. 

Chuck Norris is ALWAYS in control.

(3382) I see how this could be confusing for some, but they are facts not jokes 😁

(3383) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with an erection-there were no survivors!

(3384) The cure for AIDS is in Chuck Norris’s tears… too bad he doesn’t cry

(3385) Jesus can walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim through land.

Chuck Norris can cut through a hot knife with butter.

Chuck Norris one fought Superman. The loser had to wear their underwear on the outside.

Chuck Norris doesn’t wear a watch, he decides what time it is.

Chuck Norris once had a heart attack. The heart lost.

And so many more…

(3386) Chuck Norris eats cereal by pouring the milk, then pouring the cereal. And then he adds the bowl.

(3387) Chuck norris can kill 2 stones with 1 bird.

(3388) hummm, the one about how he threw a grenade and killed 10 people, then the grenade exploded.

he doesn't do push up, he pushes the earth down.

Chuck pisses beer, explains why it is so delicious.

Chuck norris sank the titanic so he could see james cameron get an oscar.

the moon has craters because chuck was using it for target practice.

Chuck killed king kong to use his testicles as basket balls.

(3389) Chuck Norris once visited the British Virgin Islands. Now they are just called The Islands.

(3390) Chuck Norris can walk on water and swims through land

(3391) Jesus walks on water. Chuck Norris swims through land.

(3392) When Chuck Norris goes swimming, he doesn't get wet. The pool gets Chuck Norris

(3393) Chuck Norris once dated Hurricane Katrina.

(3394) Chuck Norris lost to Bruce Lee in a movie. It was the most expensive FX effect ever

(3395) Chuck Norris can divide by 0

(3396) Chuck Norris coined the phrase “I could eat a horse” after he ate every unicorn in existence.

(3397) Why did Chuck Norris’ aunt give birth to him?
Because nobody dared fuck his mother

(3398) How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? All of it.

(3399) God said let there be light, Chuck Norris replied "say please".

(3400) At the end of the 6th day, God created his ultimate creation, Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris promptly roundhouse kicked God in the face. This is the reason God rested on the 7th day

(3401) Chuck Norris doesn't read, he just stares at the paper until it surrenders it's information to him.

(3402) Chuck Norris’ tears can cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried

(3403) Chuck Norris once farted in the Sahara jungle...

(3404) When Graham Bell invented the telephone, he found two unanswered calls from Chuck Norris

(3405) Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding.

(3406) Children like to piss their names into snow, Chuck Norris likes to piss his name into concrete

(3407) Omg these are fucking amazing, thank you everyone

(3408) Chuck Norris went to the Virgin Islands, now they are just known as the Islands.

(3409) When Chuck Norris jumps in the lake, he doesn’t get wet. The lake gets Chuck Norris.

(3410) Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter.

(3411) Chuck Norris let the dogs out

(3412) I always liked Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas

(3413) Some solid ones are packed into the Epic Rap Battle of History between [Abe Lincoln and Chuck Norris] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zj2Zf9tlg2Y).

(3414) If Chuck Norris has 5 dollars and you have 5 dollars, Chuck Norris has more money.

(3415) Chuck Norris doesn’t read books. He stares them down until they give him the information he wants. 

Chuck Norris sneezed once. The dinosaurs haven’t been seen since. 

Chuck Norris beat the final boss of Pitfall (an infinite loop jungle exploration game on the Atari 2600 for those of you too young to remember…)

Chuck Norris doesn’t have a chin. Under his beard is a third fist.

(3416) Chuck Norris can download a car.

(3417) Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table because he only believes in the element of surprise

(3418) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(3419) Just the name it’s self is a joke

(3420) Chuck Norris doesnt do push ups, he pushes the world down!!

(3421) Chuck Norris and Lance Armstrong got into a testicle competition. Chuck Norris won by three

(3422) When Chuck Norris gives you the middle finger, that’s how many seconds you have to live.

(3423) Chuck Norris doesn’t take a shit he shoots mini missiles.

(3424) Chuck Norris doesn't mow his lawn, he just dares it to grow.

Or

In an average room, Chuck can kill you with 4,187 things, including the room itself.

Or

Chuck doesn't read books, he just stares them down until he gets the knowledge he needs.

(3425) Chuck Norris once bit a cobra, it later reproduced creating a new species, the King Cobra

(3426) For a laugh Chuck Norris once urinated into the fuel tank of a Freightliner and thus Optimus Prime was created.

(3427) Chuck Norris once ran around the entire world and round house kicked himself in the back of the head

(3428) When Chuck Norris fought Superman it was almost a draw.  Then Chuck lands a roundhouse kick breaking Superman's neck leaving him in a wheelchair for the rest of his days.

(3429) Chuck Norris once pissed in a truck as a joke, that truck is now called Optimus Prime

(3430) A black mamba once bit Chuck Norris.

After an agonizing struggle lasting days of horrific torture... The black mamba died.

(3431) Chuck Norris can slam shut the revolving door. 
Chuck Norris constructed the house in which he was born in.

(3432) How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck wood?

A wood chuck could chuck all the wood, if the wood chuck was Chuck Norris.

(3433) There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of animals that Chuck Norris allows to live.

(3434) Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.

(3435) Evolution is a lie. There’s only a list of animals chuck allows to survive

(3436) Chuck Norris once kicked a fart back into an ass.

(3437) Chuck Norris doesn't swim in the ocean, the ocean swims around Chuck Norris

(3438) The leading causes of death in North America are 1) Heart disease, 2)  Chuck Norris and 3) Cancer.

(3439) Probably late to the party, but my favorite has always been;

Chuck Norris can blow bubbles in beef Jerry.

(3440) Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He just stares them down until he gets the information he wants from them.

(3441) Chuck noris taught his dad how to have sex. At age 7.

(3442) Chuck Norris can sneeze with his eyes open.

(3443) Chuck Norris doesn’t get heart attacks. His heart is nowhere near foolish enough to attack him.

(3444) Newton's third law is wrong. Although it states that for each action, there is an equal and opposite reaction, there is no force equal in reaction to a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.

(3445) Chuck Norris once lit a ball on fire and threw it as high as he could up into the sky. 
We now call that ball of fire "the sun"

(3446) Chuck Norris doesn't poop, he expels weakness

(3447) And God said: Let there be  light. 
So Chuck Norris answered: Say please.

(3448) Chuck Norris is so fast, he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head.

(3449) There is no natural selection. There are just the species Chuck Norris allowed to exist.

(3450) Chuck Norris doesn't mow his lawn...he stares at it and dares it to grow

(3451) When Chuck Norris jumps in the water he doesn’t get wet. The water gets Chuck Norrised

(3452) One Chuck Norris roundhouse kick can power the entire continent of Australia for 44 minutes.

(3453) Chuck Norris invented to internet so he had a place to store all his porn.

(3454) Chuck Norris sold his soul to the devil for his rugged good looks and unparalleled martial arts ability. Shortly after the deal was finalized,  Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the devil in the face and took his soul back. The Devil, who appreciates irony, couldn't stay mad and admitted he should have seen it coming. They now play poker every second Wednesday of the month.

(3455) Jesus can walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim through land

(3456) Chuck Norris can't swim but water is too afraid to do anything about it.

(3457) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(3458) Chunk norris doesn't have a brain, he is the brain

(3459) Chuck Norris won Tour de France on a stationery bike :)

(3460) Chuck Norris went back in time and stopped the JFK assassination by catching the bullet with his teeth. Kennedy's head exploded out of sheer amazement.

(3461) Anything the Nostalgia Critic said about Chuck Norris

(3462) Chuck Norris was the fourth wise man. He brought the baby Jesus a pair of RayBanz. Jesus wore them proudly until the day that he died. The other three wisemen, jealous of Jesus' obvious gift favouritism, used their combined influence to have  Chuck Norris omitted from the Bible. Shortly after, all three died from 'roundhouse kick' related deaths.

(3463) A quote from John Craigie’s song titled Chuck Norris: 

“Chuck Norris’s tears cure cancer, but too bad he never cries”.

(3464) Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer.  Too bad he's never cried.

(3465) Chuck Norris once upper cutted a horse...it's descendents are now known as giraffe's

(3466) The fact that Chuck Norris’s windows 10 can lag at any given moment keeps Bill Gates awake at night.

(3467) Chuck Norris didn't realize they were filming Walker, Texas Ranger

(3468) There is no evolution, just the animals Chuck let live.

(3469) a little dated, but:

Chuck Norris challenged Lance Armstrong to a "who has more testicles" contest, and won by two.

(3470) Chuck Norris doesn’t toast his bread, he makes the bread toast itself

(3471) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(3472) When Chuck Norris goes to bed at night, he first checks the closet for Bruce Lee.

(3473) Chuck Norris has never used a condom. After he finishes, he just looks at the vagina and says "no".

(3474) Chuck Norris doesn't need to connect to wifi, it has to connect to him

(3475) Chuck Norris beat the sun in a staring contest.

Chuck Norris puts the 'fun' in funeral.

(3476) Why does chuck Norris sleep with lights on in the room?

Because darkness is afraid of Chuck Norris

(3477) The leading sanitizers kill 99.9% of germs, Chuck Norris kills 100% of whatever the fuck he wants.

(3478) When police stops Chuck Norris, he let police go with a warning

(3479) I was in a movie with Chuck Norris. No joke, just a random fact. He and his son were in the movie together and they were nice.

(3480) Chuck Norris beat Super Mario World...

...Without jumping

(3481) Chuck Norris created a Giraffe by kicking a horse in the head

(3482) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(3483) Chuck Norris daughter lost her virginity, he got it back.

(3484) Chuck Norris is that guy pal, he is that guy.

(3485) Chuck norris sleeps with a nightlight, not because he is afraid of the dark, but because the dark is afraid of chuck norris.

(3486) Chuck Norris once shot down an enemy plane by pointing his finger at it and yelling “Bang!”

(3487) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin, which he built.

(3488) Chuck Norris invented the airplane because he was tired of being the only person that could fly.

(3489) Chuck norris lost his virginity before his dad

(3490) When Chuck Norris turned 18 his parents moved out of the house

(3491) How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris?

All of it.

(3492) The tears of Chuck Norris can heal cancer.

Problem is, he does not cry.

(3493) These are fantastic. I have had an absolutely shit week, and this really lightened things up for me. Great stuff everyone :)

(3494) Chuck Norris’s tears can cure cancer but no one knows it because he’s never cried.

(3495) Think of a hot woman. Chuck Norris did her.

(3496) You don’t joke about Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris jokes about you

(3497) What do you call a group of Chuck Norris? A Bruce Lee

(3498) Whats the difference between a baby and Chuck Norris?

Most people would rather punch the baby

(3499) Chuck norris found how to make his dick 9 inches long, just fold it in half.

(3500) Once, Chuck Norris lost his engagement ring. Since then, havoc has struck in middle earth

(3501) They were going to but Chuck Norris' face on Mount Rushmore, but the granite was too soft for his beard.

(3502) I don't know why this one was so funny, I was in a bookstore and reading a Chuck Norris joke book and this one killed me
'Giraffes were created when Chuck Norris uppercutted a horse". 
Man, I thought that was so hilarious. Still my favorite

(3503) Contrary to popular belief, chuck norris is not hung like a horse.

Horses are hung like chuck norris.

(3504) When a zombie bites Chuck Norris, he does not turn into a zombie, the zombie turns into Chuck Norris.

(3505) Chuck Norris doesn’t have nipples.. he has Dodge Ram hood ornaments that shoot steam!

(3506) I scrolled far. Didn't see this one yet.

If you work in an office with Chuck, never ask for the 3 hole punch.

(3507) Chuck Norris once slapped a chicken.  It died perfectly cooked.

(3508) Covid is scared of getting Chuck Norris

(3509) When chuck norris goes swimming he doesnt get wet, water gets chuck norrised.

(3510) Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in just three moves.

(3511) Chuck Norris slammed a revolving door.

(3512) When Chuck Norris crosses the road, it’s the cars that have to look both ways.

(3513) Chuck Norris doesn’t eat honey, he chews bees

(3514) Chuck Norris can sneeze with his eyes open.

(3515) Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg

(3516) Global warming occurred because Chuck Norris felt chilly

(3517) Chuck Norris once was playing soccer, and accidentally kicked the floor. And the Earth still rotates nowadays

(3518) Chuck Norris sends emails on a typewriter

(3519) Chuck Norris doesn't eat honey, he chews bees

(3520) They once made a Chuck Norris toilet paper but it didn't really catch on because it didn't take no shit!

(3521) On his birthday, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks a lucky child into the sun

(3522) How many pushups can Chuck Norris do? All of them.

(3523) Chuck Norris can kill the 0.1% bleach can’t.

(3524) Chuck Norris lubricates his Slip-n-Slide with gravel.

(3525) Chuck Norris

(3526) All of Chuck Norris's genes are dominant

(3527) Chuck Norris doesn't cry. He expels weakness.

(3528) Streets cannot be named after chuck Norris,   because no one crosses chuck Norris and lives.

(3529)  Chuck Norris is the only person who can roundhouse kick you in the back of the face.
Or
Chuck Norris once got caught masterbating in the back of a semi. Some of his semen landed on the truck by accident, we now know that semi as Optimus Prime.

(3530) Chuck Norris cut his left hand nails with his left hand

(3531) Chuck Norris is so fast he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the hear

(3532) Chuck Norris kills fish by drowning them

(3533) Chuck Norris lost his Virginity several years before his mom did.

(3534) The story of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is true. Chuck Norris swallowed 4 baby turtles, and when he crapped them out they were 6 feet tall and knew karate.

(3535) Is there any other kind of cobra that warrants the clarification of “cobra snake”?

(3536) Chuck Norris' tears can cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.

(3537) Behind Chuck Norris beard is a third fist.

(3538) Chuck norris picked up a missed call.

(3539) Chuck norris doesn't do "push ups" he pushes the world down!

(3540) The chief export of Chuck Norris is PAIN.

(3541) They say Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin under his beard but rather another fist.

(3542) Chuck Norris was once on an episode of Wheel of Fortune. The entire episode consisted of Chuck spinning the wheel and 29 1/2 minutes of everyone in the studio awkwardly waiting for the wheel to stop spinning.

(3543) When Chuck Norris needs to shave he kicks his own face... because only Chuck Norris can cut Chuck Norris

(3544) When the bible was wrote God had Chuck Norris proofread it.

(3545) Chuck Norris’ tears can cure cancer.  Too bad he never cries.

(3546) Chuck Norris can Gargle Peanut butter.

(3547) Chuck Norris

(3548) Here is mine:

Chuck Norris’ tears can cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.

(3549) Chuck Norris once had a staring contest with the sun and he won.

(3550) Chuck norris can drink all the tap water at once.

Chuck norris once caught cancer, but he wasn't really fond of it, so he let it go.

Chuck Norris was once lost in a forrest, the forrest was never found.

Chuck norris jumped without a working parachute, so he returned it the next day.

Chuck norris won a game of russian rulette, with a fully automatic pistol.

Chuck Norris is related to Lando Norris. Not a joke, just a fact.

(3551) Chuck Norris one competed in a triathlon only using..
A treadmill, a stationary bike and a bathtub. 


He won.

(3552) Anyone can piss on the floor but only chuck Norris can shit on the ceiling

(3553) How much wood would Chuck Norris chuck if Chuck Norris ever chucked wood? 

Yes.

(3554) Q: who is the worse actor, Chuck Norris or Steven Segal?  
  
A: Yes

(3555) Chuck Norris once landed a headshot off a 360 nogun.

(3556) Chuck Norris daughter lost her virginity, he found it and put it back

(3557) Chuck Norris built Rome in a day.

(3558) It’s funny how many of these I remember having not looked up chuck norris jokes in like a decade.

(3559) Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg.

(3560) Chuck Norris invented a language communicated with punches and kicks so next time he's kicking your ass don't be offended you might just be telling you that he likes your new hat

(3561) Chuck Norris does not have a father. Nobody was brave to fuck his mom :)

(3562) Chuck Norris does not use spellcheck. If he happens to misspell a word, Oxford will legally have the spelling changed.

(3563) Why did the chicken cross the road?
Because Chuck Norris told it to

(3564) When Chuck Norris was born he slept with the nurse who delivered him making her the third women with whom he had sex.

(3565) Chuck Norris never retreats. He just attacks in the opposite direction.

(3566) They had to take Chuck Norris brand TP off the market because it wouldn't take shot from anyone.

(3567) In the average living room there are 476 objects Chuck Norris can kill you with. This includes the living room.

(3568) Late to the party. 

Chuck Norris made a deal with the devil…his soul in exchange for rugged good looks, and martial arts skills. 

After they shook hands Chuck Norris round house kicked the devil in the face,  and took his soul back. 

They now play poker every Tuesday night.

(3569) I remember seeing an interview with him and he was asked what he thought of all the jokes.  He said something wholesome like God is the one with the power.  I was kinda disappointed tbh

(3570) People think Johnny Chan won the 1987 World Championship of Poker, but it was really Chuck Norris.  His winning hand consisted of a seven of hearts, a three of clubs, a joker, a get out of free card from Monopoly and a green number four from Uno.  Due to his stone cold poker face the tournament was restaged for television without Chuck Norris.

Chuck Norris can piss his name in concrete.

Every part of a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick is deadly.  Even if a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick misses you, the wind behind it can tear out your pancreas.

(3571) C’thulhu doesn’t exist, because he only exists when Chuck Norris dreams. And as we know, Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep. He waits.

(3572) When Chuck Norris left home he turned to his Dad and said “You’re the man of the house now”

(3573) Chuck norris once fucked in the cab of a Freightliner FL86 cab over semi truck. A bit of cum got on the front seat by mistake.

That truck went on to lead the Autobots in their million-year war against the Deceptions.

(3574) When Chuck Norris was born, he slapped the doctor.

(3575) When Chuck Norris does push-ups, he’s actually pushing the Earth down.

(3576) Chuck Norris doesn’t kill you in your sleep. 

He kills you in his.

(3577) Chuck Norris can start a fire by rubbing two ice cubes together.

(3578) Chuck Norris spilled a cum drop on a truck..That is how Optimus Prime was born!!

(3579) Chuck Norris' GPS never tells him to turn around.

(3580) "Chuck Norris can believe it's not butter"

i love this one because it's not some otherworldly feat, it just pretends that it is and then chuck accomplishes it

(3581) The boogie man checks under his bed for Chuck Norris

(3582) You wont get it

(3583) Chuck Norris once killed 2 stones with one bird

(3584) Chuck Norris has 3 testicles, each one bigger than the other two combined

(3585) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(3586) Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.

(3587) Chuck Norris's daughter lost her virginity. Chuck Norris got it back

(3588) When going skydiving Chuck Norris does not wear a helmet, the earth does. 

Scientists have discovered the moment when Chuck Norris delivered the first roundhouse kick, this moment is regarded as "The big bang."

(3589) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep, he waits

(3590) You know how …on a man… one testicle is bigger than the other?? 

With Chuck Norris BOTH of them are bigger than the other one..

(3591) Chuck Norris invented Kentucky Fried Chicken's famous secret recipe with eleven herbs and spices. Nobody ever mentions the twelfth ingredient: Fear

(3592) And God said “*Let there be light*”. 
Then Chuck Norris answered: “Say please”

(3593) I have never heard a Chuck Norris joke. It’s all real.

(3594) Chuck Norris is responsible for crop circles… as he says- “Sometimes corn just gotta lay down”

(3595) When Chuck Norris does three roundhouses, he travels through time.

(3596) Chuck Norris killed 40 men with a grenade. Then he pulled the pin.

(3597) When god said" let there be light"
Chuck Norris flicked the switch

(3598) Chuck Norris and Lance Armstrong got into an argument about who has more testicles. 

…Chuck Norris won by 5.

(3599) Chuck Norris sued Burger King after they refused to make a Whopper "his way". He insisted his way was with two rings of barbed wire, and round-house kicked to perfection.

(3600) Chuck Norris eradicated all the elements on the periodic table.He only recognizes the element of surprise

(3601) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep he waits.

(3602) One roundhouse kick by Chuck Norris generates enough power to light up Australia for 8 days

(3603) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade that killed 50 people. Then the grenade exploded.

(3604) Chuck Norris' render distance is 1024 chunks. With his eyes closed

(3605) Chuck Norris doesn't go to swimming, water just wants to be around him.

Chuck Norris heard nothing could kill him. So he tracked nothing down and killed it.

(3606) Chuck Norris can watch 60 Minutes in 30 minutes.

(3607) There was once a street named after Chuck Norris. It was eventually renamed, because no one crosses Chuck Norris and lives.

(3608) Chuck Norris went to The Virgin Islands and now they are simply know as The Islands.

(3609) Chuck Norris invented “black”. 

In fact Chuck Norris invented all the colours in the world. Except pink. Pink was invented by Hugh Grant.

(3610) Chuck Norris gave his dad “the talk”

(3611) Chuck Norris once at an entire birthday cake before his friends could tell him there was a stripper in it.

(3612) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.

(3613) Chuck Norris doesn’t to push ups, he does Earth downs.

(3614) There was a legend of a man that defeated 10 assassins, 20 cobras, 8 wolves, and 3 lions at the same time with both his hands tied behind his back. That man is not Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris killed that man.

(3615) Chuck Norris doesn't do push-ups. He pushes the earth down.

(3616) Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch; he decides what time it is.

(3617) When Chuck Norris does push-ups, he doesn't push himself up, he pushes the earth down.

(3618) Chuck Norris died for Jesus’ sins and rose on the third day.

(3619) Chuck Norris’s urine stream can plasma cut steel.

(3620) Chuck Norris ties his shoes with his feet.

(3621) Chuck Norris's penis has a hemi

(3622) If a tree falls in the forest, can anyone hear it? 

Yes. Chuck Norris can hear it. Chuck Norris can hear everything.

(3623) Chuck Norris can light an ant on fire with a magnifying lense... at night.

(3624) Mars was once inhabited...until Chuck Norris arrived

(3625) They once tried making Chuck Norris toilet paper but it didn’t take shit from anyone.

(3626) Jesus could walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim through land

(3627) Chuck Norris can explain The Game to someone without losing The Game

(3628) Chuck Norris wasn't born, he punched himself out of the womb. Shortly thereafter he grew a beard.

(3629) Only Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(3630) Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked causality, and broke it.

(3631) The candles on your birthday cake doesn't represent how many years you have lived, but how many years Chuck Norris have let you live.

(3632) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands.

They're now known simply as *The Islands*.

(3633) Chuck Norris once fought Superman. The loser had to wear their underwear outside their pants.

(3634) Chuck Norris doesn’t walk on water, he swims in asphalt

(3635) Chuck Norris once went to a steakhouse and consumed 5 lbs of steak in an hour.  He spent the first 45 minutes fucking the waitress.

(3636) When Chuck Norris crosses the road he doesn’t look both ways, both ways look at Chuck Norris

(3637) Chuck Norris’ teachers raise their hand to ask a question to him.

(3638) Little boys can pee their name into the snow. Chuck Norris can pee his name into concrete.

(3639) Once, Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 50 guys. Then, the grenade exploded.

(3640) Chuck Norris built the house he was born in

(3641) Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups. He pushes the world down.

(3642) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.

(3643) Q: How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do?

A: All of them.


Chuck Norris and superman had a fight. The loser had to start wearing their underwear on the outside of their clothing.

(3644) Chuck Norris can pop a wheelie on a unicycle.

(3645) Chuck Norris’s penis has a toenail on the end of it

(3646) When Chuck Norris jumps in water, he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris.

(3647) Chuck Norris once beat a wall at a game of tennis.

(3648) Chuck Norris can make a snowman out of rain

(3649) If Chuck Norris' gun ran out of bullets, it would continue to fire for fear of disappointing Chuck Norris.

(3650) Chuck Norris once burned a Hot Pocket on his tongue.

(3651) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 99 people. Then the grenade exploded.

(3652) When Chuck Norris was born, the doctor said “congratulations Ms. Norris, it’s a man.”

(3653) The ones without him.

(3654) Chuck Norris went on vacation to the Virgin Islands.

Now it's known as just The Islands.

(3655) On a movie set, Sylvester Stallone once asked Chuck how many push-ups he could do. Chuck said all of them.

(3656) Jesus could walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(3657) Chick Norris doesn't dial the wrong number, you answer the wrong phone.

(3658) They had to change the name of Chuck Norris Street because no one would cross it.

(3659) For fans of classic WWE, Chuck Norris favourite genre of music is sweet chin music.

(3660) What’s under Chuck Norris’s beard? ANOTHER FIST!

(3661) When chuck norris crosses the road traffic looks both ways.

(3662) When Chuck Norris was bit by a zombie, the zombie turned into a Chuck Norris.

(3663) When Chuck Norris does push-ups, he doesn’t push himself up, he pushes the world down

(3664) How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do? All!

(3665) Chuck Norris does not do press ups, he just pushes the earth down

(3666) chuck Norris has a bear rug in his room, the bears not dead it's just afraid to move.

(3667) When Chuck Norris wants a cheeseburger, he punches a cow through a chain link fence…

(3668) Chuck Norris can clap by one hand.
(original by me)

(3669) Chuck Norris doesn't have human nipples, he has two dodge ram symbols that steam when he has sex

(3670)  "Walker told me I have AIDS"

(3671) Why are there so many Chuck Norris jokes, but so few Bruce Lee jokes?

Because Bruce Lee is no joke.

(3672) Chuck Norris jokes are all the best Chuck Norris Joke, even the worst one.

(3673) Chuck Norris makes Rain wet

(3674) Chuck Norris took a vacation to the Virgin Islands.  Now they're just called the Islands.

(3675) Chuck Norris once had sex with 18 women on top of an 18 wheeler. A little jizz leaked into into the engine. We now know that truck as Optimus Prime.

The sun always rises in the East and sets in the West—until Chuck Norris decides other wise.

Chuck Norris can sneeze with his eyes open.

Chuck Norris fries bacon and bakes fries.

(3676) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 6 people. Then it exploded

(3677) Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin he built with his own hands

(3678) Chuck Norris once fought a bunch of terrorists in a bunker. He threw in a grenade and then all the terrorists died. Afterward, the grenade exploded.

(3679) Chuck Norris' Dick is so big, it has its own dick, and that dick is bigger than yours.

(3680) Chuck Norris doesn't eat honey, he chews bees instead.

(3681) Chuck Norris wears sunglasses to protect the sun from his eyes

(3682) Nobody puts baby in a corner! Except Chuck Norris…

(3683) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups, he pushes the world down.

(3684) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with a full erection.

There were no survivors.

(3685) Chuck Norris can make wood by rubbing fire together

(3686) Chuck Norris as a kid didn’t go to school for two days, now we know those days as weekend

(3687) Chuck Norris does not go 'hunting'

Hunting implies the possibility of failure.

Chuck Norris goes Killing.

(3688) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father did.

(3689) When Chuck Norris jumps into a pool, he doesn't get wet. The water gets Chuck Norrised.

(3690) Chuck Norris counted to infinity, twice!

(3691) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(3692) Chuck Norris can count to infinity twice on one hand

(3693) When Chuck Norris comes over to your house you become the guest.

(3694) Chuck Norris can taste lies.

(3695) I can't decide between:

Chuck Norris doesn't believe in Germany. <- it's so absurd but it cracks me up

Behind Chuck Norris' beard is another fist.

(3696) Chuck Norris can install Vista on an Etch a Sketch

(3697) When Chuck Norris falls in water he doesn't get wet, water gets Chuck Norris

(3698) Chuck norris knows who let the dogs out

(3699) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(3700) When Chuck Norris was in school, the teacher was his pet.

(3701) In the Bible, Jesus walks on water. Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(3702) When Chuck Norris goes swimming he doesn't get wet, the water gets Chuck Norris.

(3703) Chuck Norris don't do push ups he pushes the world down.

(3704) When they test atomic bombs, they don't use an explosive device to trigger it-- they just have Chuck Norris come over and punch it.

The Vietnam War would have been over in five minutes, but Chuck Norris was busy.

(3705) Jesus can walk on Water but Chuck Norris can swim on land

(3706) Chuck Norris can kill with a pistol app

(3707) Chuck Norris went to a feminist rally and came back home with a sandwich and an ironed t shirt

(3708) Chuck Norris is so bad ass, that even Chuck Norris is scared of Chuck Norris.

(3709) Chuck Norris’s daughter lost her virginity. He got it back.

(3710) Chuck Norris built a Lego house

(3711) When Chuck Norris goes to Burger King and orders a Big Mac, he gets it.

(3712) Found in a port-a-potty in Kuwait:
Chuck Norris sucks so much dick he coughs up babies.

(3713) Wow, my sense of humor really has changed.

(3714) They once named a street after Chuck Norris, but they had to change it because nobody cross Chuck Norris and lives.

(3715) death once had a near chuck norris experience

(3716) They once made a Chuck Norris toilet paper. They had to quickly recall it, as it wouldn't take shit from anyone

(3717) When Alexander Graham Bell invented the phone and made the first call, Chuck Norris answered.

(3718) Chuck Norris’ cars all have extended warranties that never expire.

(3719) Man I used to love Chuck Norris jokes as a kid even though I didn’t really know who he was, but the jokes were still funny.

(3720) when chuck norris cuts onions, onions cry

(3721) There's no theory of evolution, just a list of things Chuck Norris allows to live

(3722) Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares at them until he gets the information he wants.

(3723) Chuck Norris once pissed in a truck's gas tank. That truck is now known as Optimus Prime

(3724) Chuck Norris doesn’t wear a watch. He decides what time it is.

(3725) Chuck Norris can divide by 0 and get a positive integer.

(3726) Chuck Norris makes sure nothing goes faster than light.

(3727) Chuck Norris once beat an entire basement of Korean teenagers at Starcraft.

(3728) Chuck Norris doesent do press-ups on the world ,the world does press-ups on Chuck Norris

(3729) when Chuck Norris peals onions, the onions cry.

(3730) Changed Channel: [1. General - The Barrens]

(3731) Chuck Norris once ate my pet turtle and when he shit it out it was 6 feel tall and knew karate.

(3732) Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg.

(3733) Jesus can walk on water.
Chuck norris can swim through land.


Hands down the best ..

Followed by..

Chuck norris invented the giraffe by uppercutting a horse

(3734) Chuck Norris eats honey badger testicles as his main sustinance

(3735) When Chuck Norris does pushups…he’s NOT pushing himself up….he’s PUSHING THE WORLD DOWN!!! 😳😮🫡😂

(3736) Chuck Norris whispers at 1000 + db

(3737) An asteroid didn’t take out the dinosaurs.  Chuck Norris just got sick of their shit, round house kicked a brontosaurus and the rest was history.

(3738) Chuck Norris does not do push ups.

He pushes the Earth down.

(3739) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 50 people, then it blew up.

(3740) Chuck Norris was the 4th wise man, he gave Jesus the gift of beard

(3741) Chuck Norris does not sleep, he waits !

(3742) Chuck Norris invented the words “die”, “beer” and “what?”

(3743) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 10 people. And then the grenade blew up

(3744) During sex, Chuck Norris is always on top because Chuck Norris never fucks up

(3745) This is the best thread ever! I'm over here falling down laughing at so many I never heard before 🤣🤣🤣

(3746) Chuck Norris doesn’t get wet, water gets Chuck Norris.

(3747) Chuck Norris won connect 4 in three moves.

(3748) Lightening and thunder don’t actually exist, it’s just the sound and quickness of Chuck Norris practicing his round house kick.

(3749) Chuck Norris was once bitten by a rattlesnake and after three agonizing days, the snake died.

(3750) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter

(3751) Most people believe that Neil Armstrong was the first man to the moon. In truth, it was Chuck Norris. He went there on foot.

(3752) "I heard you got bit by a cobra."

"Yea, I did. But after five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died."

(3753) Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in.
Also:
Chuck Norris wasn't born, he was forged.

(3754) "Are we still doing Chuck Norris jokes in 2922"
*round house kicks me in the mouth*
"My name is Chuck Norria and I approve this message"
Edit: thanks for the gold kind stranger!

(3755) Chuck Norris can believe it’s butter.

Chuck Norris once slammed a revolving door shut.

(3756) The 4 horsemen of the Apocalypse live in Chuck Norris's ball sack

(3757) Chuck norris once cummed in a truck from that day is know as Optimus prime

(3758) They tried to invent chuck norris toilet paper, but it wouldn't take shit off anyone

(3759) Chuck Norris already knows who’s there when asked knock knock.

(3760) You Don't joke about Chuck Norris. Lol

(3761) Chuck Norris' favorite as per [this video](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kQmPMZeN7JQ) :

They wanted to put Chuck Norris' face on Mount Rushmoore, but the granite wasn't hard enough for his beard.

(3762) Chuck Norris’s tears cure cancer.  Too bad he has never cried

(3763) Chuck Norris ripped off thanos's arm ,whilst a fully stoned infinity gauntlet coated it

(3764) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(3765) Chuck Norris named himself when he was born, his parents were afraid they might piss him off.

(3766) Jesus may be able to walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(3767) Chuck Norris. 



That’s it. That’s the joke.

(3768) When Chuck Norris does push-ups, he doesn't push himself up,  he pushes the earth down.

(3769) when Chuck Norris goes swimming he doesnt get wet, The water gets Chuck Norrissed.

(3770) Why is Chuck Norris never on bottom during sex? Because Chuck Norris doesn't fuck up.

When Chuck Norris was born, he punched his way out of the womb. Then proceeded to instantly grow a beard and roundhouse kick the doctor. The nurse then said "Oh my god that's Chuck Norris!" She then had sex with him.

(3771) Chuck Norris Starred in Star Wars..he was the force

(3772) I'm going to warn y'all right now this is dumb



>!Chuck Norris once got into a "who has more balls" contest with Lance Armstrong and won by three!<

(3773) Chuck Norris’ dick is so big it has a dick. And Chuck Norris’ dicks dick is bigger than your dick.

(3774) When Chuck Norris was born, he had relations with the nurse who delivered him; he was her first, she was his fifth

(3775) Chuck Norris makes onions cry.

(3776) Chuck Norris cried once. Once.

(3777) Chuck Norris' piss can clog a toilet

(3778) Chuck Norris doesn't get wet when he falls in the water. Instead, the water gets Chuck Norris'd.

(3779) [Walker, Texas Racist](https://youtu.be/zNwfPUvNaqM)

>!Norris actually being a closet racist and revealing it because of a Black President is the joke.!<

(3780) Chuck Norris once told the time to start running, since then it never stopped.

(3781) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father did.

(3782) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. 

Now they are just called “The Islands.”

(3783) Chuck Norris was actually born out of his aunts vagina. Because no one has the balls to admit they fucked his mom

(3784) Chuck Norris doesn’t flush the toilet, he scares the shit out of it.

(3785)  Chuck Norris can suck a black hole.

(3786) Chuck Norris doesn’t turn on the shower, he stares at it until it starts to cry

(3787) Chuck Norris went on vacation to the Virgin Islands. When he returned home, they were now known as the Islands

(3788) Chuck Norris doesn't sleep... He waits.

(3789) Chuck Norris can bring a woman to Climax by pointing finger guns at her and saying "Booyah".

Ozzy Osbourne once bit the head off of a bat, not to be outdone Chuck Norris then bit the head off of Batman.

Chuck Norris Dog cleans up his own poop, because Chuck Norris doesn't take shit from anyone.

(3790) When Chuck Norris drinks his pee, his asparagus smells funny.

(3791) The Cold War wasn't actually about Democracy vs Communism, it was a pitiful attempt by mere mortals to safeguard against Chuck Norris incase he lost control.

This was foolish because even God cannot approach Chuck Norris, as well as the fact Chuck could never lose, let alone control of all things.

(3792)  Chuck Norris has a bear rug. It's not dead, just afraid to move.

(3793) Hahahaha! Thats a good one

(3794) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees.

(3795) The big bang sound  has been measured, it's equal to one CNRHK...one Chuck Norris Round House Kick.

(3796) There is no such thing as tornadoes. Chuck Norris just really hates trailer homes.

(3797) Chuck Norris once traveled back in time to stop the assassination of JFK. When Lee Harvey Oswald pulled the trigger, Chuck Norris stopped the bullet with his beard. JFK's head exploded in amazement.

(3798) [removed]

(3799) When Chuck Norris does push-ups he doesn't push up...he pushes the earth down

Chuck Norris was once bitten by a rattlesnake and after 3 days of agonizing pain the snake died

Chuck Norris has another smaller Chuck Norris under his beard

Chuck Norris was born with a full beard

When the doctor spanked baby Chuck Norris he caught a roundhouse kick for it

I used to have a book of these.

(3800) Chuck norris doesn't do push-ups, he does Earth-downs

Jesus walked on water, chuck norris swims through land, 

Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 16 people, then the grenade exploded.

(3801) Chuck norris’ daughter lost her virginity. He got it back.

(3802) Chuck Norris has counted to infinity…twice.

(3803) Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg. Church Norris lost his virginity before his father. Chuck Norris can hear the color purple.

(3804) Chuck Norris once had sex with a truck, today we know this truck as Optimus Prime

(3805) When chuck norris walks down the produce aisle in the grocery store all the cherries pop

(3806) When Chuck Norris left for college, he turned to his father and said... "you're the man of the house now".

(3807) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and it killed hundreds of people. Then the grenade exploded.

(3808) Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the shit out of it.

(3809) When chuck Norris was born he spit out his moms 9 month old plan B

(3810) The one where people shut the fuck up about some religious zealot who was a minor celebrity back in the 1970s.

(3811) Chuck Norris used to be a scientist, he developed the element of surprise

(3812) Chuck Norris stopped the JFK Assassination. He did a roundhouse kick to get back to 1963, he stopped the bullets with his beard and JFK’s head exploded out of pure amazement.

(3813) Under Chuck Norris’ beard, there is no chin. There is only another fist.

(3814) Chuck Norris. That's the joke.

(3815) Chuck Norris visited the Virgin Islands, they renamed them the islands

(3816) My dad calls me chuck norris

(3817) Chuck Norris pissed in a truck's fuel tank once. We now have Optimus Prime

(3818) Crop circles aren’t the result of UFOs landing.  
Chuck Norris walks up to the corn and the corn knows when to lay the fuck down.

(3819) Chuck Norris and Superman arm wrestled and the loser had to wear his underwear over his pants

(3820) Chucks Norris’s doesn’t need gun for his bullets

(3821) Only Chuck Norris know where is Nemo

(3822) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did

(3823) Chuck Norris doesn't need to come up with his own Chuck Norris jokes, the world just knows to make Chuck Norris jokes.

(3824) Chuck Norris gives daddy issues

(3825) On his 30th birthday Chuck Norris's friends forgot to tell him about the stripper in his cake until after he ate it.

(3826) Chuck Norris once jumped into a river. He didn't get wet. The river got Chuck Norrised.

(3827) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turles is based on a true story. Chuck Norris once swallowed four turtles alive, and when he shit them out, they were six feet tall and knew Karate.

(3828) Chuck Norris put a slice of ham in the DVD player and he watched the pig get slaughtered

(3829) Chuck norris’ fick has a dick and his dicks dick is bigger than your dick

(3830) 1. Chuck Norris never retreats. He just fights in the opposite direction

2. Chuck Norris and Superman got into a fight. Loser had to wear his underwear outside of his pants.

(3831) Chuck Norris is the reason the dinosaurs are extinct.

(3832) Wilt Chamberlain claims to have slept with over 3,000 women in his life. Chuck Norris calls this a slow Tuesday.

(3833) When Chuck Norris does push ups he doesn’t push himself up. He pushes the earth beneath him!

(3834) Chuck Norris has a bear carpet in his living room. It's not dead, it's just too afraid to move.

(3835) Chuck Norris’ tears can cure cancer. The only problem is Chuck Norris never cries!!

(3836) Chuck Norris once peed in the gas tank of a semi truck as a joke. The semi truck is now knows as Optimus Prime.

(3837) The chief export of Chuck Norris is pain.

Chuck Norris doesn't read.  He stares at books until they tell him what he wants to know.

Chuck Norris and Superman once had a bet.  The loser had to wear his underwear on the outside of his pants.

Chuck Norris is never on the bottom, because Chuck Norris never fucks up.

(3838) Chuck Norris can get a Big Mac at Burger King

(3839) Chuck Norris can delete the recycle bin from his computer

(3840) Chuck Norris?

(3841) Chuck Norris downloaded a car.

(3842) We're all here because Chuck Norris allows it.

(3843) Chuck Norris walked down the street with an erection. There were no survivors.

(3844) Chuck norris doesnt do push ups, he does earth downs

(3845) Chuck Norris and Superman had a fight, loser had to wear their pants on the outside!

(3846) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(3847) Chuck Norris had a paper route when he was a child. There were no survivors.

(3848) Chuck Norris doesn't get wet when he swims, the water gets Chuck.

(3849) In 2012, Hungary considered naming a bridge after Chuck Norris (True!), but the proposal was defeated when they realized that nobody crosses Chuck Norris.

(3850) Superman once challenged Chuck Norris to a fight. The loser had to wear their underwear on the outside

(3851) They were going to name a bridge but decided not to because nobody crosses Chuck Norris

(3852) Chuck Norris walked into a Wendy's, ordered a Big Mac  . . .  AND HE GOT IT!

(3853) Why doesn’t chuck norris have sex lying down? Because chuck norris never fucks up

(3854) When Chuck Norris tells a joke about Jada Pinkett Smith, Will Smith slaps himself.

(3855) Chuck Norris is too manly for eyebrows, those are EYEBEARDS!

(3856) Chuck Norris can strangle someone with a cordless phone.

(3857) Chuck Norris didn’t lose his virginity. He never loses.

(3858) Due to the theory of relativity Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick you in the face. Yesterday.

(3859) Chuck Norris aced the Rorschach test.

(3860) Jesus can walk on water. Chuck Norris swims through land.

(3861) I heard that under Chuck Norris’ beard is another fist!

(3862) How did Chuck Norris make his dick 12” long? He folded it in half.

(3863) Jesus might be able to walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(3864) Stephen Hawking was the only man to ever outsmart Chuck Norris. He learned his lesson.

(3865) Chuck Norris was dropped twice as a baby: once on Hiroshima, and again on Nagasaki.

(3866) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with a erection…there were no survivors…

(3867) The world doesn’t normally turn but Chuck Norris likes to jog.

(3868) Chuck once threw a grenade that killed 40 people.

Then it exploded.

(3869) When opportunity knocks Chuck Norris’s house, opportunity waits.

(3870) It’s a well know fact that the beginning scene of saving private ryan is loosely based on a dodgeball game Chuck Noris had in grade 2.

(3871) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 10 people. Then it blew up.

(3872) Chuck Norris doesn't read books, he just stares them down until they give him the information he needs

(3873) Anytime chuck norris has sex and the woman is on top, she’s becomes a member of the mile high club.

(3874) How many pushups did Chuck Norris do?
All of them.

(3875) Jean Claude Van Damme once asked Chuck Norris: “how many pushups can you do?”
Chuck: “All of them.”

(3876) Chuck Norris' load is so big, he once knocked up a chick by having phone sex with her.

(3877) Chuck Norris sits down at light speed!

(3878) Chuck Norris doesn‘t read.
The books are so scared, they just tell him what he wants to know.

(3879) When Chuck Norris jumps into a pool, he doesn't get wet... the pool gets Chuck Norris.

(3880) Chuck Norris survived his mothers abortion

(3881) When Chuck Norries does a push up, he doesn’t push himself up, he pushes earth down

(3882) Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick someone in the back of his face!

(3883) Chuck Norris’ cowboy boots are made from real cowboys

(3884) Chuck Norris once killed two stones with one bird

(3885) Chuck Norris can shit without peeing.

(3886) Chuck Norris once pissed in the gas tank of a truck. The truck is now known as Optimus prime.

(3887) My brother bought me a book of Chuck Norris jokes…best gift he’s ever got me

(3888) When chuck Norris goes in cold water the ocean shrinks a little.

(3889) Chuck Norris is so tough, there’s isn’t a chin under his beard, there’s only another fist.

(3890) Chuck Norris doesn't tea bag ......he potato sacks

(3891) When Chuck Norris was in combat, he threw a grenade; killed 50 soldiers and then the grenade exploded.

(3892) Chick Norris can swim through land

(3893) I once heard that under his beard is just another fist...

(3894) Chuck Norris once threw a single grenade which killed 18 people, it exploded soon afterwards

(3895) Chuck Norris threw one grenade and killed 50 people. Then it exploded

(3896) He lost his virginity before his parents did.

(3897) Chuck Norris doesn’t cry. Tears Chuck Norris

(3898) Jesus walks on water,  Chuck Norris swims through land.

(3899) Chuck Norris can dribble a bowling ball

(3900) Chuck Norris is a Hetrosapien

(3901) Chuck Norris doesn’t breathe. He holds air hostage.

(3902) Chuck norris doesn't have a bear rug it's just to scared to get up

(3903) When chuck Norris uppercutted a horse and a now ccalled gifraffes

(3904) Chuck Norris was born in a house…that he built.

(3905) Chuck Norris does not tea bag.  He potato sacks!

(3906) Chuck Norris is the only one who drives by on a merry round

(3907) Chuck Norris killed two stones with one bird

(3908) Chuck Norris pushes to production on a Friday.

(3909) Santa did exsist until chuck norris stopped believing in him then he vanished

(3910) Chuck Norris actually lives in a round house

(3911) Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas. 

The boogeyman checks his closet for Chuck Norris.

(3912) A strand of chucks hair fell on the ground on a 
Field that field is now called the Amazon rainforest

(3913) 😂😂😂

(3914) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 3 people... Then it blew up

(3915) Chuck Norris can count too INFINITY, TWICE !! 🤣🤣🤣

(3916) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade that killed 9 people. It then exploded.

(3917) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups, he does earth downs

(3918) Behind Chuck Norris' beard there is no chin. Only another fist.

(3919) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups…..he pushes the earth down……

(3920) Chuck Norris doesn’t read books. He just stared at them until he gets the information he wants out of them.

(3921)  Chuck Norris can divide by zero.

(3922) If Jesus walks on water, Chuck Norris swims on land.

(3923) Chuck Norris shaves by roundhouse kicking himself in the face, because the only thing that can cut Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris.

(3924) The planet Venus used to have life. Then Chuck Norris landed.

(3925) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. Now they are just The Islands.

(3926) Nobody can divide by zero, except Chuck Norris.

(3927) Chuck Norris once shot down a plane by using a finger gun and yelling "BANG!"

(3928) Chuck Norris and Superman once got into a fight. The loser had to wear his underwear over his pants.

(3929) Chuck Norris doesn't get wet, the water gets Chuck Norris.

(3930) Chuck Norris is the second-toughest person alive. Everyone else is tied for first.

(3931) Chuck Norris has his own website, The Internet.

(3932) Chuck Norris can do a wheelie with a unicycle.

(3933) A blind man once stepped on Chuck Norrises foot. Chuck then said, “do you know who I am? I’m Chuck Norris!” At the mere mention of his name, the man’s blindness was cured. Sadly the first, last, and only thing this man ever saw was a roundhouse kick to the face.

(3934) Chuck Norris once took a bottle of sleeping pills, they made him blink.

(3935) Chuck Norris had sex with every nun in a convent tucked away in the hills of Tuscany. Nine months later the nuns gave birth to the 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only undefeated and untied team in professional football history.

(3936) Chuck is one of the best actors in the country! Unfortunately, all of his movies were filmed in the city.

(3937) In the beginning, there was nothing. Then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked that nothing in the face and said get a job. And that’s how the universe was created.

(3938) Chuck Norris can read Braille with his scrotum.

(3939) Google “find chuck norris”

(3940) Chuck Norris caught all the pokemon on a landline.

(3941) Chuck Norris smashed up the Periodic Table, because the only element he believes in is surprise.

(3942) I remember before Chuck Norris jokes, there were Vin Diesel jokes. One made me and my roommate's laugh so hard. It was about Vin diesel trying to find waldo where the page is all Waldo's (Where's Wally). He gets frustrated and eats a child, this event is now referred to as Christmas.

(3943) When chuck norris installs windows , Microsoft accepts his terms and conditions

(3944) Chuck Norris always wins. Why? Because you can't say Chuck Norris loo- Chuck Norris looooooo- Chuck Norris lll- See? You can't say it.

(3945) Chuck Norris's tears can cure cancer, but he never cries.

(3946) Chuck Norris can swim through land and walk on water

(3947) Chuck Norris doesn’t wear condoms, because there is no protection from Chuck Norris.

(3948) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 50 people then the grenade exploded.

(3949) I was in a porta shitter at Yakima Training Center when I was in the army and in Sharpie was “Chuck Norris Can Ranger Roll an ACH” painted on the wall.
This was at a time when “Ranger Rolling” your patrol cap was a popular thing and NCOs fucking hated it (tbh it looks fucking stupid ) and an ACH is Army Combat Helmet

(3950) Jesus walked on water but Chuck Norris can swim through land.

(3951) Chuck Norris does not sleep, he waits.

(3952) When chuck Norris went to school he was the subject .

(3953) After watching Dragon ball z chuck norrisnthought he saw an easy workout video!

(3954) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups, he does earth downs

(3955) Chuck Norris once broke his legs and walked it off.

(3956) How does Chuck Norris burn calories? By lighting a fat kid on fire.

(3957) When chuck Norris jumps in a lake he doesn't get wet.  The water gets chuck.

(3958) Chuck Norris once ate an entire birthday cake before anyone could tell him there was a stripper inside.

(3959) Chuck Norris once impregnated a convent full of nuns. Those nuns gave birth to the ‘72 Dolphins.

(3960) Chuck Norris doesn't breathe, he holds air hostage

(3961) Chuck Norris once pissed in the gas tank of an 18 wheeler…

That truck today is known as Optimus Prime.

(3962) When Chuck Norris did an AMA on Reddit, he answered questions before they were asked.

(3963) Shania Twain is very much impressed by Chuck Norris.

(3964) They were once going to name a street after Chuck Norris, but they chose not to. Because nobody crosses Chuck Norris.

(3965) How many pushups can Chuck Norris do? All of them.

(3966) I pee my name in snow, Chuck Norris pee's his name in concert.

(3967) Chunk Norris lost his virginity before his father.

(3968) Chuck Norris was born in a cabin he made himself.

(3969) Chuck Norris is the only person who can tune his guitar to BADASS

(3970) When Chuck Norris does a push-up, he doesn’t push himself up. He pushes the world down.

(3971) Each one of Chuck Norris' testicles is bigger than the other

(3972) Chuck Norris’s tears cure cancer, too bad he’s never cried

(3973) Chuck Norris didn't call the wrong number. You picked up the wrong phone

(3974) Chuck Norris knows the 11 secret herbs and spices along with the other 4 they should have added.

(3975) Underneath Chuck Norris’s beard is another fist.

(3976) Can someone please like this so I can find my way back to this thread

(3977) Retracted since someone already posted it hahah

(3978) Chuck Norris doesn't go hunting, because that implies the probability of missing the target. Chuck Norris goes KILLING.

(3979) Chuck norris can beat Shaggy at 100% power

(3980) Courtesy of my oldest nephew: they say Jesus walked on water, but Chuck Norris swam through land.

(3981) He doesn’t flush , he scares the shit out of the toilet.

(3982) Chuck Norris was bitten by a cobra. After several hours of excruciating pain, the cobra died.

(3983) Surprised, I didn't see this one:

Chuck Norris's tears can cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.

(3984) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep, he waits.

(3985) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 18 people

Then the grenade exploded

(3986) I've never heard a Chuck Norris joke.

Only facts.

(3987) When Chuck Norris jumps in a pool he does not get wet, the pool gets Chuck Norris'd

(3988) Chuck Norris leaves his message BEFORE the beep.

(3989) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad

(3990) What’s bigger then Chuck Norris’ dick? Nothing.

(3991) Chuck Norris fell two times as a baby. 
One time on Hiroshima and the other time on Nagasaki.

(3992) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. They are now The Islands.

(3993) Chuck Norris doesn’t ever need to comb his hair, it lays perfectly in place out of sheer terror.

Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep, he waits. 

When Chuck Norris gets drunk, he never throws up, he throws down! 

Chuck Norris’ cowboy boots are made from real cowboys.

(3994) Chuck Norris once took a DNA test. He got a perfect score.

(3995) Chuck Norris has his own signature cologne. It smells of denim and Justice.

(3996) Chuck Norris is the man who put "laughter" into the word "slaughter"

(3997) Superman wears Chuck Norris underwear.

(3998) While I don’t currently have anything to offer, I’m saving this post for a moment when I need a good chuckle.

I remember the early days of WoW, when Plains Chat would often include lengthy bouts of Chuck Norris jokes. I miss that.

(3999) Chuck Norris was bitten by a rattlesnake, after three days of suffering, the snake died

(4000) Chuck Norris tickled snake's armpits

(4001) Q: Why doesn’t Chuck Norris have hair on his balls?

A: Hair doesn’t grow on steel.

(4002) Chuck Norris always has sex face down because he never fucks up.

(4003) Chuck Norris tears cure cancer , too bad he’s never cried.

(4004) Jesus can walk on water but chuck norris can swim through land.

(4005) Chuck Norris went to a feminist rally and came back with a sandwich and his clothes folded.

(4006) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups, he pushes the world down.

(4007) Chuck Norris has sex with every woman on the planet each month.  They bleed for five days after.

(4008) Chuck Norris doesn’t cut grass, he dares it to grow.

(4009) Chuck Norris went to a feminist rally and came back with his shirt ironed and holding a sandwich.

(4010) Chuck Norris’s tears cure cancer, too bad he has never cried.

Each one of chuck Norris’s chest hairs is required to have at least and orange belt

(4011) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.

(4012) When Chuck Norris yells, avalanches go back up the mountain.

(4013) Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg

(4014) Chuck Norris was walking down the street with an erection. There were no survivors

(4015) One day in high school back in the mid 2000s we stumbled across a website with all these Chuck Norris jokes on it we took turns reading 1 off, 1 after another. everybody was dying laughing. The 1 that made me laugh so hard that I couldn't continue was when someone said "every year on his birthday Chuck Norris chooses 1 lucky child to be thrown into the sun"

(4016) Definitely the one in Expendables 2, about getting bit by a cobra and how after 5 days of agonizing pain, the cobra died.

Not the best one out there, but it was delivered by the man himself.

(4017) When Chuck Norris drops toast, it always lands butter side up.

(4018) When god said “let there be light” chuck Norris said “say please”

(4019) On his birthday, Chuck Norris randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun.

(4020) Chuck Norris was born the same night he was conceived because no one makes Chuck Norris wait.

(4021) The boogies man checks underneath his bed for Chuck Norris

(4022) Why did the dinosaurs go extinct? Chucknorrisaurus.

(4023) Chuck Norris dies several years ago, but death hasn’t had the courage to tell him yet.

(4024) The construction site outhouse has Chuck Norris toilet paper.

Rough around the edges and doesn't take crap from anyone

(4025) He clogs the toilet when he pees.

(4026) Chuck Norris once ran so fast around the world he kicked himself in the head

(4027) When Chuck Norris does a press up his body doesn’t go up he pushes the world down

(4028) When God ordered the burrito that’s so hot even he couldn’t eat it, Chuck Norris made that burrito.

(4029) Chuck Norris knows what you would do for a Klondike Bar

(4030) Cats have chuck-norris-like reflexes

(4031) Every year on his birthday, Chuck Norris chooses 1 lucky child to be hurled into the sun.

(4032) Chuck Norris doesn’t look both ways before he crosses the street, the street looks both ways before crossing him.

(4033) Chuck Norris once did a roundhouse kick so fast, his foot travelled back in time me to to the Battle of Trenton. His foot kicked a platoon of Hessian soldiers so hard they were launched into space. Scientists now refer to them as Pluto.

(4034) When Chuck Norris broke into the bears’ house, all the porridge and beds were just right because the bears were afraid of pissing off Chuck Norris.

(4035) chuck Norris is so awesome how awesome is he the karate masters ask him for Advice

(4036) How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris??

All of it.

(4037) Chuck Norris cried when Obama was elected. 

He IS the joke

(4038) Chuck Norris confirmed the accuracy of this thread.

(4039) The bermuda triangle used to be a square until Chuck Norris kicked a corner off.

(4040) If Chuck Norris gets in a 'Fake Taxi', he gets driven home

(4041) Underneath chuck norris’s beard is another fist

(4042) Chuck Norris just pissed your pants

(4043) I'm late but,

Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups, he does earth downs

(4044) Unbeknownst to most ppl Chuck Norris was the 4th wiseman in the Nativity story. He gifted Jesus the greatest of gifts, the gift of beard, which Jesus wore to his dying day. Out of shear jealousy the other wisemen had him written out of the Bible.

(4045) Chuck Norris had a heart attack, he blocked and countered it with ease.

(4046) "Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin under his beard.  Only another fist."

(4047) Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. Water gets Chuck Norris.

(4048) Chuck Norris doesn’t wait for Death to pick him up. Death waits for Chuck Norris to pick them up.

(4049) When Chuck Norris jumps in a pool, Chuck Norris doesn’t get wet. The water gets Chuck Norrised. Lol

(4050) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups he does earth downs

(4051) Under Chuck Norris’s beard is another fist

(4052) Chuck Norris checks under his bed every night for Liam Neeson.

(4053) That he wears a black belt on his beard that he grows on his dick

(4054) Chuck Norris puts the laughter in manslaughter

(4055) There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of animals Chuck Norris allows to live.

(4056) That joke in The Expendables 2 about him being bitten by a snake and after a few days of agonizing pain, the snake dies

(4057) Chuck Norris named his legs and they made a tv show about them: Law and Order

(4058) Jesus might have walked on water, but Chuck Norris swims through land.

(4059) Chuck Norris has a butterknife made out of butter

(4060) Chuck Norris has no use for the periodic table because the only element he believes in is the element of surprise.

(4061) Chuck Norris once sat down in a field and waited… a bar was built around him as everyone was too scared to ask him to move. When the bar opened, Chuck Norris walked to the bar and a shot poured itself. Chuck then looked at a book of matches which set themselves on fire and the bar burned down to the ground leaving nothing behind. As Chuck Norris was walking away with the people watching him, he said “always leave things as you found them”.

(4062) Chuck Norris walked through a town with an erection. There were no survivors.

(4063) Chuck Norris doesn’t call the wrong number, you answered the wrong phone.

(4064) When Chuck Norris attends a feminist rally, he comes home with an Ironed shirt and sandwiches…/s ;))

(4065) The man himself

(4066) Me

(4067) Chuck Noris' penis has a penis and it's still bigger than yours.

(4068) Chuck Norris once killed a bird by throwing it off a cliff

(4069) I used to love watching those battle sims with Chuck Norris

(4070) Chuck Norris once peed in the tank of a semi truck. The name of the truck is now Optimus Prime.

(4071) Giraffes were made when chuck norris uppercutted a horse.

(4072) Chuck Norris once beat a man to death with his own corpse.

Chuck Norris once punched a double decker bus and a mini cooper popped out.

(4073) Chuck norris can swim through stone and build snowmen from rain.

(4074) Chuck Norris’ dick is so big that it has its own dick, and Chuck Norris’ dick’s dick is bigger than yours.

(4075) Jesus walks on water, Chuck Norris swims through land

(4076) Chuck Norris actually caught every bullet in the JFK assassination attempt. It’s unfortunate that JFKs head exploded in amazement

(4077) Jesus can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim in concrete!

(4078) It’s not 2009 anymore, grandpa.

(4079) Chuck Norris walked into a bar they say to this day he is still pushing that bar

(4080) Chuck Norris goes to bed with a pillow under his gun.

(4081) Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table because he only recognizes the element of surprise.

(4082) Chick Norris once had sex in a semi truck and some of the semen spilled out onto the floor. That truck is now known as Optimus Prime.

(4083) Chuck Norris once banged a Peterbilt truck. We now know this truck as Optimus Prime.

(4084) If you had $5 and Chuck Norris had $5, he would still have more money than you.

(4085) The cobra one is the best, because that’s one he chose to tell about himself in the expendables 2

(4086) Chuck Norris can sing in five different languages, including Braille.

(4087) When Chuck Norris does a push-up, he doesn’t push himself up, he pushes the earth down.

(4088) A picture of John Wayne saying “Chuck Norris?  Never heard of her”.

(4089) Chuck Norris’s tears cure cancer. Too bad he’s never cried.

(4090) When Chuck Norris does push-ups, he doesn’t push himself up, he pushes the world down.

(4091) Chuck Norris drives a kids ice cream truck covered in human skulls

(4092) Chuck Norris can cut a hot knife with butter.

(4093) Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep, he waits

(4094) When Chuck Norris goes swimming he doesn’t t get wet, water gets Chuck Norris.

(4095) There is no chin behind Chuck Norris' beard. There is only another fist.

(4096) They named a bridge after Chuck Norris, but it was never used.  Because no one crosses Chuck Norris.

(4097) I need to find it. I remember seeing Chuck Norris read Chuck Norris jokes.

(4098) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with a massive election. There were no survivors

(4099) There’s no such thing as lesbians- only women who haven’t met Chuck Norris.

(4100) Why are there Chuck Norris jokes but no Bruce Lee jokes? 

Cause Bruce Lee is no joke.

(4101) Chuck Norris once made love to a Mac Truck…. The result was Optimus Prime

(4102) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups, he does Earth push downs.

(4103) Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups..he pushes he world down..

(4104) When Chuck Norris goes to the beach, the first thing he does is to swim a few lengths of the sea.

(4105) Chuck Norris build a snowman…out of rain.

(4106) Alright, here's a bit of a long one:
Sherlock holmes, James Bond and Chuck Norris one day wake up in a raft in the middle of the sea. They have no idea where they are or how they got there, so they analyze their situation.
First, Sherlock Holmes looks up at the sky. He looks at the position of the stars, "We're in the Northern Hemisphere" he says.
Next, James bond dips his finger in the water, licks it, then holds it up and feels the wind. "We're in seawater, moving north at around 5 miles an hour" he says.
Finally, Chuck Norris gets up. He unzips his pants, and sticks his dick in the water. "The depth of the water is 215 feet" he says.

(4107) Chuck Norris doesn't read books, he just stares them down until they tell him all their information.

(4108) I

(4109) the one i’ve never heard before

(4110) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups, Chuck Norris does earth downs.

(4111) Yeah yeah. So many Chuck Norris jokes. Know why there are no Bruce Lee jokes? Bruce Lee is no fucking joke!

(4112) Chuck Norris drove his mom home from the hospital when he was born.

(4113) A man once challenged Chuck Norris to a pissing contest. Chuck Norris won when his opponent drowned.

(4114) I put up a new Chuck Norris joke every week on a small whiteboard in the hallway at the middle school I work at. I have a lot of favorites, but the two I like the most are, " Chuck Norris has a bear rug in his house, it's not dead, it's just too afraid to move." The other one is, "Chuck Norris can strangle your imaginary friend." hehe

(4115) One time Chuck Norris and Nicole Kidman had sex. 

6 months later she prematurely gave birth to a ford excursion.

(4116) Jesus could walk on water, but Chuck Norris could swim through concrete

(4117) Chuck Norris is the only person that can slam a revolving door.

(4118) Chuck Norris never had a heart attack. His heart would never be foolish enough to attack him

(4119) Chuck Norris cannot love, he can only not kill.

(4120) Chuck Norris once brought the CPR practice dummy back to life

(4121) Chuck Norris once shot down an enemy fighter plane by pointing his finger at it and yelling "bang!"

(4122) Did you know Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is actually based on a true story? One time Chuck Norris ate four turtles in one sitting and when he crapped them out they were 6’ tall and knew martial arts!

(4123) Chuck Norris knows a wrong way to eat a reece’s pieces

(4124) Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.

(4125) If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.

(4126) Chuck Norris likes his meat so rare that he only eats unicorns

(4127) In the Beginning there was nothing ... then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked nothing and told it to get a job.

(4128) If Chuck Norris were to travel to an alternate dimension in which there was another Chuck Norris and they both fought, they would both win.

(4129) When Chuck Norris has sex, he’s always on top. 
Because Chuck Norris doesn’t fuck up.

(4130) When God said, “Let there be light!” Chuck said, “Say Please.”

(4131) A recent scientific study concluded that Chuck Norris’ tears cure cancer, too bad he never cries.

Chuck Norris does not sleep, he waits.

When God said “let there be light” Chuck Norris replied “say please.”

Chuck Norris can walk on water and swim through land.

(4132) Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.

(4133) If you ask Chuck Norris what time it is, he always says, 'Two seconds till.' After you ask, 'Two seconds to what?' he roundhouse kicks you in the face.

(4134) Toss up:

Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg.

Chuck Norris once ordered a whopper from mcdonalds, and got it.

(4135) How many press ups can Chuck Norris do?

All of them

(4136) Chuck Norris once ate an entire cake before his friends could tell him there was a stripper in it.

(4137) Chuck Norris once shot an enemy plane down with his finger, by yelling, “Bang!”

(4138) Some kids pee their name in the snow. Chuck Norris can pee his name into concrete.

(4139) Every year for his birthday Chuck Norris throws a kid into orbit.

(4140) My favourite thing is playing Rock, Paper, Scissors, but then throwing the [hand gesture](https://youtube.com/clip/UgkxsECyduWV_gZstkInENwSkSsygGmkC5t0) from the movie “Sidekicks”, shouting “Chuck Norris” and claiming victory before my opponent can even begin to protest.

(4141) Chuck Norris can order Mcribs all year round.

(4142) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. Now they're  just call The Islands

(4143) Chuck Norris can build a snowman out of rain.

(4144) Chuck Norris downloaded a car.

(4145) Chuck Norris can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head

(4146) The only time Chuck Norris was ever wrong was when he thought he had made a mistake.

(4147) Chuck Norris can tie his shoes with his feet.

(4148) Chuck Norris is the only person that can punch a cyclops between the eye.

(4149) When Chuck Norris was born, his mother asked if it was a boy or a girl. The doctor turned to the mother and said, “It’s a man.”

(4150) Chuck Norris doesn't read, he just stares the page down until it gives him the information that he wants.

(4151) Outer space exists because it's afraid to be on the same planet with Chuck Norris.

(4152) Chuck Norris doesn’t get wet. Water gets Chuck Norris.

(4153) Chuck norris threw a grenade and killed 7 people. Then the grenade went off.

(4154) Chuck Norris can win connect four in three moves

(4155) Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked so fast his foot broke the speed of light, went back in time and hit Amelia Earhart as she flew across the Atlantic.

(4156) Chuck Norris once went skydiving, but promised never to do it again. One Grand Canyon is enough.

(4157) Chuck Norris had to stop washing his clothes in the ocean. Too many tsunamis.

(4158) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet every time he has a piss

(4159) Yeah so it's a meme-type photo of an iPhone incoming call from Chuck Norris.  It says Accept twice as in you can't decline the call

(4160) Chuck Norris can divide by zero

(4161) Chuck Norris threw a hand grenade and killed 3 men, then it exploded

(4162) My favorite was "Lance Armstrong and Chuck Norris were involved in a 'who has the most testicles' contest . . . Chuck Norris won by five."

(4163) Chuck Norris consults his physician if his erection DOESN'T last for 4 hours!

(4164) When Chuck Norris is chasing you, don’t run away. You’ll just die tired.

(4165) They tried to sell Chuck Norris brand toilet paper. It was a horrible failure because Chuck Norris doesn't take shit from anyone.

(4166) Chuck Norris and Mr T walked into a bar. The bar instantly exploded, because it couldn't handle all that awesomeness at once.

(4167) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 20 people... then it exploded.

(4168) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with an erection. There were no survivors.

(4169) Y’all remember when we used hype up Chuck Norris? And we’d say dumb stuff like “Oh if Chuck norris is so strong then he’d slam my head into my keyboardists dhsjdjodkwns dudusjb” HAHAHA 

like Chuck Norris being all old now could actually come to my house annsjdosoa eioeosmajxid rjieisbdudiekwn ax &288skridisjwbdj

(4170) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees.

(4171) Chuck Norris has a lion carpet. It's still alive, it's just afraid to move.

(4172) Chuck Norris once walked down the street with a massive erection. There were no survivors.

(4173) Chuck Norris gargles peanut butter.

(4174) Why are there so many Chuck Norris jokes but no Bruce Lee jokes? Because Bruce Lee is no joke

(4175) Some kids pee their name into the snow.

Chuck Norris pees his name into concrete.

(4176) Chuck Norris plays Russian roulette with 6 bullets and wins.

(4177) Chuck Norris once won a game of Connect Four in three moves.

(4178) Chuck Norris went to the Virgin Islands and when he left they were just called The Islands

(4179) When Chuck Norris left for college he sat his dad down and said, "While I'm gone you're going to be the man of the house".

(4180) Every year on his birthday, Chuck Norris chooses one lucky child to be thrown into the sun.

(4181) Chuck Norris's Cowboy boots ,are made of real cowboys

(4182) Chuck Norris is what Willis was talking about.

Chuck Norris’s penis is so big it has a penis.   And that penis is bigger than yours.

(4183) Chuck Norris doesn’t play hide and seek, 
He plays his and pray I don’t find you

(4184) Every year Chuck Norris hurls one lucky kid into the sun.

(4185) chuck norris did a roundhouse kick under water in the gulf coast on August 23rd, 2005.

(4186) Chuck Norris can cut a hot knife with butter

(4187) Chuck Norris can beat a brick wall at tennis

(4188) Jack was smart,Jack was quick,Jack couldn’t dodge Chuck Norris’s roundhouse kick

(4189) Chuck Norris can dribble a bowling ball

(4190) A town once named their Main Street after Chuck Norris.  After a few days they changed it back, because no one crosses Chuck Norris and lives...

(4191) Kid named snake

(4192) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups. He pushes the earth down.

(4193) It's impossible for Chuck Norris to get wet.  Instead water gets Chuck Norrised.

(4194) Normal people swim on water, Chuck Norris swims on land

(4195) Chuck Norris CAN believe its not butter

(4196) They once made a Chuck Norris toilet paper but it wouldn't take shit from anyone.

(4197) Chuck Norris can make a hoe into a housewife

(4198) Chuck Norris does not recognize the period table of elements. He only elements that exists is that of surprise.

(4199) When Chuck Norris dies, he will read his own eulogy.

(4200) Jesus could walk on water but chuck Norris can swim on land

(4201) When chuck Norris falls in the pool, he doesn’t get wet, the water gets chuck norris.

(4202) When asked how many push ups he can do, Chuck Norris replied “all of them”!

(4203) Chuck Norris’s pee can clog a toilet.

(4204) Damn these were funny 😂 thank you for that

(4205) Chuck Norris’ Rice Bubbles don’t go ‘snap, crackle n pop’ they go “SHUSH, HERE HE COMES”!

(4206) On the set of Walker Texas Ranger Chuck Norris brought a dying lamb back to life by nuzzling it with his beard. As the onlookers gathered, the lamb sprang to life. Chuck Norris then roundhouse kicked it, killing it instantly. This was just to prove that the good Chuck giveth, and the good Chuck, he taketh away.

(4207) When Chuck Norris jumps in a pool, he doesn’t get wet. The water gets Chuck.

(4208) Chuck Norris would download a car.

(4209) Chuck Norris’s daughter lost her virginity, he got it back

(4210) Chuck Norris gives the sun a Chuckburn

(4211) Chuck Norris doesn’t get wet, the ocean gets Chuck Norris.

(4212) Chuck Norris’ daughter lost her virginity. He got it back.

(4213) One time when playing soccer as a kid my coach substituted me in for my teammate. My teammate’s name was Chris Walker (FIRST name changed for obvious reasons). 

AS I ran into the field and passed Chris Walker, I asked him what position he was playing. He got nervous and confused. He replied “WALKER…err, I mean left midfield”.

My joke is that next time I subbed in for him I would ask him his favorite baseball team. Hopefully the reply would be “WALKER…Texas Rangers”.

(4214) Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 50 people… Then it exploded

(4215) Contrary to popular belief there was a forth wise man and it was Chuck Norris. He gifted baby Jesus the gift of the bears, which he cherished until he died and rose again. The other wise men were so jealous of his gift they removed his name from the Bible. All three of the wise men died in mysterious roundhouse related incidents.

(4216) Chuck Norris and Lance Armstrong competed in a ‘who has more testicles’ contest. Norris won by 5

(4217) Go Google "find Chuck Norris".
You won't be disappointed, I promise.

(4218) Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups. He does Earth downs.

(4219) There are no chuck Norris jokes, only facts.

(4220) Chuck Norris was once bitten by a snake, after 10 days of agonizing pain, the snake died..

(4221) Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.

(4222) Did you know that every piece of furniture in Chuck Norris’s house is a Total Gym?

(4223) Brokeback Mountain isn’t just a movie, it’s also what Chuck Norris calls the pile of dead ninjas in front of his house.

(4224) Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked someone so hard, his foot broke the speed of light and he traveled back in time and killed Amelia Earhart.

(4225) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door

(4226) Molly Weasley makes Chuck Noris eat his vegetables

(4227) Chuck had family in our hometown, I told him my favorite Chuck joke in-person.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a night light, not because he feared the dark, but because the dark was afraid of him.
He didn't laugh for some reason

(4228) I saw Chuck Norris bring a dead deer back to life then kill it. 

Why? because Chuck Norris giveth and Chuck Norris taketh away

(4229) Underneath Chuck Norris' beard is just another fist

(4230) Chuck Norris doesn't cut his grass. He dares it to grow

(4231) He doesn’t mow his lawn. He stands on the grass and dares it to grow.

(4232) Chuck Norris never got Covid-19. Covid-19 got affected by Chuck Norris

(4233) Chuck Norris doesn't have a chin. Underneath his beard is just another fist.

(4234) Oh boy. This is my jam. 

Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone. 

Chuck Norris can delete the recycling bin. 

When Chuck Norris goes for a drive all the lights turn green out of fear and envy.

(4235) Chuck Norris wins rock, paper, scissors…. Against a mirror

(4236) When Chuck Norris' daughter lost her virginity, Chuck Norris went out and got it back.

(4237) Chuck Norris stands faster than anyone can run

(4238) When Chuck Norris looked into the abyss... the abyss looked away.

(4239) Chuck Norris is the reason Heisenberg knocks before entering.

(4240) Jesus can walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim through dry land

(4241) Chuck Norris has two kittens


For breakfast every morning

(4242) Jesus walked on water

But Chuck Norris swims through land.

(4243) When Chuck Norris moved out of his boyhood home, he told his father, "Now you're the man of the house."

(4244) Chuck Norris invented ground beef, by throwing a cow at a chain-link fence.

(4245) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade at 10 people and killed them all at once, and then the grenade exploded.

(4246) Chuck Norris has a pet kitten....for breakfast every morning.

(4247) There was a spin-off I think I heard of this same joke: a man walked in on Chuck Norris pounding his wife. After getting on his knees, profusely apologizing, and crying tears of regret the man then left the room so that chick could finish lol

(4248) Sure Chuck Norris was born in a barn, but it was a barn he built.

(4249) Chuck Norris once told Donald trump to act his age, he ended up back in hell waiting to be delivered

(4250) When Chuck Norris makes love to a woman, she doesn’t get pregnant. She immediately goes in to labor.

(4251) Chuck Norris was asked how many pushups he could do, he answered: (All of them)

(4252) Chuck Norris once shot down an airplane by pointing his finger at it and yelling bang.

(4253) Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in.

(4254) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father

(4255) Chuck Norris doesn’t do pushups. He pushes the earth down

(4256) When the Boogie Man goes to sleep he checks his closet for Chick Norris.

(4257) Chuck norris was born in a log cabin he built himself, with his bare hands

(4258) How much Norris could Chuck Norris chuck if Chuck Norris could chuck Norris?

(4259) I have never heard a chuck Norris joke


They are all true

(4260) Chuck Norris could get dirty with Mr. Clean ;)

(4261) When Chuck Norris goes swimming he doesn’t get wet. The water gets Chuck Norris.

(4262) The one he killed.

(4263) There is no chin behind Chuck Norris's beard, just another fist.

(4264) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. They are now just the Islands.

(4265) When Chuck Norris tells a joke, even the joke laughs.  
Chuck Norris once got a standing ovation from an empty room.  
Chuck Norris never uses toilet paper - even his shit is too scared to touch Chuck Norris.  
When Chuck Norris eats at a restaurant, the waiters tip him.  
Chuck Norris claps his hands twice to turn the sun off at night.

(4266) Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands when he came back they were just The Islands

(4267) Behind Chuck Norris’s beard is another fist.

(4268) God didn’t create the giraffe, Chuck Norris uppercutted a horse.

(4269) If you have $5, and Chuck Norris has $5, then Chuck Norris has more money than you.

(4270) Chuck Norris’ calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd. Nobody fools Chuck Norris.

(4271) Jesus can walk on water. Chuck Norris can swim thru land.

(4272) Chuck Norris recently destroyed the periodic table because the only thing he believes in is the element of surprise

(4273) Chuck Norris once took a trip to the Virgin Islands. Now they are just called the Islands.

(4274) When Chuck Norris does a push up, he doesn't lift himself up but pushes the earth down.

(4275) Chuck Norris once performed a roundhouse kick so fast that it broke through  the time continuum and struck Emilia Earhart’s plane while she was flying over the Pacific Ocean.

(4276) Chuck Norris doesn’t teabag, he potato-sacks

(4277) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade into a building. The grenade killed 30 men. Then it exploded.

(4278) Chuck Norris once threw a boomerang. He's still waiting for it to come back.

(4279) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push ups, he pushes the earth down.

(4280) When Chuck Norris was a kid he left for milk and cigarettes.

(4281) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his father.

(4282) When Chuck Norris swims he doesn't get wet, the water gets Chuck Norris'd.

(4283) Chuck Norris got Lori Vallow and Chud Daybell to confess they murdered her kids - just by looking at them.

(4284) When chuck norris hunts the bear he gives the bear the knife

(4285) Chuck Norris claims his wife was poisoned during MRI:

The poison was so scared it went into his wife instead.

(4286) He can gargle peanut butter

(4287) Chuck Norris was challenged to a fight with Superman. Whoever lost would wear the underwear over the pants for the rest of his life.

(4288) Chuck Norris doesn't sleep. He waits.

(4289) There is no theory of evolution, just a list of creatures Chuck Norris has allowed to live.

(4290) Chuck Norris once told Hitler he doesn't like juice...


Hitler misheard him.

(4291) Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table of elements because the only element he believes in is the element of surprise.

(4292) Chuck Norris’ house on Elm Street never gets visited by Freddie Kruger

(4293) Chuck Norris created the Big Bang, when he sneezed.

(4294) Long time ago Chuck Norris visited Italy and England. People were so scared to make noise and that's the origin of pantomime.

(4295) Jesus Christ can walk on water, but chuck norris can walk on Jesus.

(4296) Chuck Norris sucks dick for cab fare and walks home

(4297) Chuck Norris the real person is the worst Chuck Norris joke. Change all of these to Christopher Lee instead.

(4298) I heard the same joke, but replace Chuck Norris with a US Marine.

(4299) Chuck Norris has won individual gold medals in every Winter Olympics event.  During the summer.

(4300) When Chuck Norris goes swimming in the ocean, he doesn't get wet...the ocean gets Chuck Norris

(4301) I came here for Chuck Norris jokes, but these are just Chuck Norris facts.

(4302) Before Google, dictionaries define Badass as Chuck Norris.

(4303) Chuck Norris can pop a can of Pringles, and stop.

(4304) One day, Chuck Norris was hooking up w/ an actress in the back of a semi-truck, and a drop of his spooge got in the engine...

From that day on, the truck was known by a different name: Optimus Prime.

(4305) When Chuck Norris jumps in a pool he doesn’t get wet. The water gets chuck Norris.

(4306) Chuck Norris has a bear rug in the living room it’s not dead it’s just scared to move.

(4307) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade and killed 3 men………then the grenade exploded.

(4308) he needs a deadbolt on his toilet so his turds don't crawl out and kick the fuck out of somebody

(4309) Under chuck's beard is another fist

(4310) Chuck Norris built the log cabin he was born in.

(4311) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pisses.

(4312) Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.

(4313) Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.

(4314) Chuck Norris was originally cast as the main character in Kill Bill, but he killed him in the first scene within 10 seconds...

They still paid him the full amount.

(4315) Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim on land.

(4316) Chuck Norris was born by his aunt, because no one wanted to fuck with his mother.

(4317) Chuck Norris doesn’t have a CTRL button on his keyboard, because Chuck Norris is always in control

(4318) Chuck Norris once had a staring contest with the sun. The result was a solar eclipse.

(4319) This is from over a decade ago which I then thought was hilarious.

It was something along the lines of: 

“Chuck Norris isn’t even that powerful. If he were, he’d come to my house and and smash my face into my keybo-jqjj iwikdjq. Agi&@1@100iiwkqjn aiitzzp”

(4320) The memories. 

Used to read Chuck Norris jokes on an old website. Can't believe the trend lives on.

(4321) Chuck Norris shaves by round-house kicking himself in the face because only Chuck can cut Chuck

(4322) Chuck Norris on the set of Walker: Texas Ranger once found a dead baby lamb which he nurtured back to life with a magical beard rub.  He then promptly roundhouse kicked the lamb in the face, breaking its neck.  

Demonstrating that Chuck giveth, and Chuck taketh away.

(4323) Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he just scares the s#%t out of it

(4324) Chuck’s parents were named after him.

(4325) Chuck Norris once lost a testicle while sparring with Wolverine. It is commonly referred to today as Jupiter.

(4326) If chuck norris has 5 dollars and you have 5 dollars chuck norris is still richer than you.

(4327) On the first day, Chuck Norris created God

(4328) Chuck Norris is tied for the worst actor of all time with Jean Claude Van Damme and Steven Seagal!  
Why doesn't Chuck Norris wear a watch?  Because he decides what time it is!

(4329) Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups..... He does earth downs.

(4330) Chuck Norris clogs the toilet when he pees

(4331) They say cancer’s cured by your tears? Why haven’t you sat down and cried on your career?

(4332) The 2 best I can remember were:
1. Chuck Norris is like corn, no matter how much shit he's in he always comes out in one piece.
2. If Jesus walks on water, Chuck Norris swims through land.

Bonus one just remembered: Chuck Norris can punch you in the back of your face.

(4333) When Chuck Norris oversleeps, the Earth stops revolving around the Sun to give Chuck Norris enough time to wake up.

(4334) Jesus walked on water, but Chuck Norris swam through land.

(4335) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups, he just pushes the Earth down

(4336) Chuck Norris doesn’t Throw up…he throws down best one I’ve ever heard to this day

(4337) Chuck Norris tears can cure cancer, too bad he doesn't cry. * keep in mind I heard this from my cousin who had cancer, and my mother died of cancer 8 years ago before I was 30 so please don't get offended.*

(4338) There were originally 15 commandments, until Chuck Norris had a conversation with God.

(4339) Chuck Norris doesn't hold his breath, he holds air hostage.

(4340) Chuck Norris threw a grenade, killed 6 people then the grenade exploded

(4341) Chuck Norris once ate three 72oz steaks in an hour. He spent the first 50 minutes fucking the waitress.

(4342) Chuck Norris has a toenail on the end of his penis.

(4343) When chuck Norris jumps into water he doesn’t get wet. The water gets chuck.

(4344) One day while on the set of walker Texas ranger, Chuck Norris gave a stillborn baby calf a prolonged beard rub bringing it back to life. Shortly after he snapped the baby calf's neck just to show that the good Check giveth and the good chuck, he taketh away. 

This the other one love:
Chuck Norris once made a deal with the devil in exchange for his stylish good looks and unparalleled martial arts abilities. Shortly after the deal was struck he roundhouse kicked the Devil in the head and took his soul back. They now play chess every other Sunday.

(4345) Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg

(4346) Its widely known that Chuck Norris' tears can cure cancer. What isn't widely known is that this was discovered when his grandmother told him she had terminal cancer and only had two months left to live. A single tear ran down his cheek and dropped onto his grandmothers hand, instantly curing her cancer.  


Chuck Norris immediately roundhouse kicked her in the face, for making him cry, killing her instantly. To this day, he has never shed another tear.

(4347) Chuck Norris counted to infinity…twice.

(4348) Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerkey

(4349) Chuck Norris once killed 50 men with a single hand grenade. Once the fight was over, he pulled the pin and let it explode.

(4350) Chuck norris’ tears cure cancer, but he never cries.

(4351) Under Chuck Norris’ beard is not a chin…it’s another fist.

(4352) When Chuck Norris makes a joke about Will Smith’s wife, Will slaps himself.

(4353) Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone

(4354) If Chuck Norris is running late, time better SLOW THE FUCK DOWN!

(4355) Once while having sex in a tractor trailer, Chuck’s seed found it’s way into the engine block. We know this tractor trailer as Optimus Prime.

(4356) Chuck Norris doesn't do push ups, he pushes the world down

(4357) Chuck once as 4 box turtles whole. When he crapped them out they were 6 foot tall and knew karate. He named them Leonardo, Raphael, Michelangelo, and Donatello.

(4358) Chuck Norris eats a bowl of nails for breakfast. Without milk

(4359) When God said “let there be light,” Chuck Norris said “say please.”

(4360) Chuck Norris once shot down a German fighter plane by pointing his finger and shouting “BANG”.

(4361) Chuck Norris once thru a grenade , it killed 5 people then it went off

(4362) Chuck Norris doesn’t do push-ups…
He does Earth-Downs.

(4363) Chuck Norris only masturbates to pictures of Chuck Norris

(4364) How many push ups can Chuck Norris do ? All of them. 😆

(4365) Anaconda was made in Chuck Norris' underwear.

(4366) It is said that Chuck Norris tears cure cancer and grant eternal life, too bad he has never cried in his life.

(4367) Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad

(4368) When Chuck Norris does division there are no remainders

(4369) Did you know that Chuck Norris is in all the Star Wars movies?

He played “the force”!!

(4370) Chuck Norris once threw a grenade that killed 40 people. Then the grenade explosed.

(4371) "Fuck you Chuck Norris" - White Goodman

(4372) Chuck Norris walks on water and swims through land

(4373) Every year on his birthday, Chuck Norris picks one lucky boy or girl to be thrown into the sun.

(4374) Chuck Norris sold his soul to the devil for his rugged good looks and unparalleled martial arts ability.  Shortly after the transaction was finalized, Chuck roundhouse-kicked the devil in the face and took his soul back.  The devil, who appreciates irony, couldn't stay mad and admitted he should have seen it coming.  They now play poker every second Wednesday of the month.

(4375) Chuck Norris doesn’t eat honey, he chews bees.

(4376) When Chuck Norris does pushups he isn't pushing himself up, he's pushing the earth down.

(4377) There is no such thing as evolution, only a list of creatures Chuck Norris allowed to live

(4378) Chuck Norris doesn’t bleed. The red is just a warning.

And

Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs.

(4379) Steven Seagal cluld roundhouse kick 10 people in the face at once.

If he was Chuck Norris.

(4380) Once a year on his birthday Chuck Norris selects one lucky kid to be thrown into the sun.

(4381) Jesus walked on water.  Chuck Norris can swim through dry land.

(4382) Chuck Norris had the idea to sell his urine. We refer to it as Red Bull.

(4383) Jesus may have walked on water, but Chuck Norris swims through land.

(4384) Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.

(4385) Jesus Christ, The Pope, and Chuck Norris are in a boat. They started heading close to shore, the pope watched in awe as Jesus walked on top of the water to shore. The same reaction as Chuck Norris got out of the boat and walked over the water, When the pope tried he fell in and had to swim to shore. When he got up on land he asked 

“how did you two walk across the water?”

Jesus replied: “Oh there were rocks close to the surface.”

Chuck Norris asked “What rocks?”

(4386) Under Chuck Norris beard is not a chin...  
That's his third fist!

(4387) Chuck Norris once ate a 96 oz steak in 30 minutes. He spent the first 25 minutes making love to his waitress.

(4388) Chuck Norris can FAP with one hand☻️

(4389) Chuck Norris fought on both sides of the Civil War. At the same time

(4390) Chuck Norris is a piece of shit

(4391) Chuck Norris's years can cure cancer. Too bad a never cries

(4392) NSFW

>!Chuck Norris doesn't wear a condom.  Instead he sticks his dick inside a woman and uses her like a condom to fuck another woman.!<

(4393) I got a funny joke Chuck Norris… never mind!

(4394) Chuck Norris' dick is so big, it has its own dick and its dick is bigger than your dick.

(4395) Chuck Norris’s penis is so big it has a penis.   And his penis’s penis is bigger then your penis.

(4396) Chuck norris is geriatric. Thats it. Thats the joke.

This trend is as tired as he is ISTG lmao

(4397) Chuck Norris masturbates with a blow torch and a monkey wrench.

(4398) There’s not a chin behind Chuck’s beard; there’s a second vagina.

(4399) Chuck Norris stares at history. Trump was never elected.

(4400) Chuck Norris doesn't pray to Jesus, Jesus prays to Chuck Norris.

(4401) Jesus is walking on water. Chuck Norris is walking on Jesus.

(4402) Jesus, Chuck Norris and the Pope are fishing in a boat out in the middle of a lake…….

(4403) When he turned 18, Chuck Norris kicked his parents out the house.

(4404) If it were Rajnikant, the snake would have died instantly

(4405) Chuck Norris raped as a kid catholic priests

(4406) Chuck Norris once boned your mom with no paper bag!

(4407) Evolution does not exist. It’s just animals Chuck Norris allows to live.

(4408) Supermam wears Chuck Norris pajamas.

(4409) Chuck Norse was the 4th wise man giving Jesus the gift of beard. Being jealous the other wise men omitted him from the Bible shortly after they all died from roundhouse kick related injuries.

(4410) Chuck Norris can pop a wheelie on a unicycle

(4411) Fuck Chuck Norris. -White Goodman

(4412) Chuck Norris’ dick is so big, it has its own dick. Chuck Norris’ dick’s dick is bigger than your dick.

(4413) If you return a total gym Chuck Norris will personally bring it back and power fuck Christie Brinkley on it in front of you.

(4414) I saw one yesterday and it was Chuck Norris photoshopped onto "Chucky" from "Child's Play." Straight boomer humor, but I thought it was pretty funny either way.

(4415) Just gonna leave this here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zj2Zf9tlg2Y

(4416) Chuck Norris was once raped. After 3 days of excruciating orgasm he finally splooged.

(4417) Jesus could walk on water, but Chuck Norris swims through land.

(4418) Jesus may have walked on water but Chuck Norris swims through concrete

(4419) When god rolls over after busting a nut he says "thank you Chuck Norris"

(4420) Chuck Norris was walking down the street when I blind man accidentally stepped on his shoe. Chuck Norris said to the man “Don’t you know who I am? I’m Chuck Norris!”. Hearing his voice, the man was cured of his blindness. Unfortunately the first and last thing he ever saw was a roundhouse kick to the face.

(4421) When Chuck Norris sneezes... It's the end... Armageddon all over again

(4422) Real OGs know the Chuck Norris jokes came from barrens chat

(4423) In his spare time, Chuck Norris enjoys knitting sweaters…and by “knits” I mean kicks, and by “sweaters” I mean babies.

(4424) Chuck Norris’ dick so big it graduated high school a year before he did.

(4425) I hope its not bannable but...

Chuck Norris threw somo paper airplane from his window one day... the day was 09/11

(4426) Chuck Norris’ dick is so big, it has it’s own dick, and Chuck Norris’ dick’s dick, is bigger than your dick!

(4427) Can someone explain who chuck Norris is and why is he invincible?

(4428) Once a month Chuck Norris has sex with every woman on earth. They subsequently bleed for the next 7 days

(4429) When Chuck Norris jokes were at their height, some friends and I went to play trivia. We were on a tear. On the last question, for the win, the question was ridiculously obscure. None of us had any clue. Forget it. I just suggested Chuck Norris to be funny. We ordered shots. AND WE WON!!! Still have no idea what the question was, but the answer should always be “Chuck Norris”.

(4430) [chuck became the joke.](https://www.nj.com/opinion/2016/07/5_reasons_chuck_norris_wants_you_to_vote_for_donald_trump_the_auditor.html)

(4431) ITT: a bunch of 30 year olds reliving classic jokes

Also ITT: a bunch of zoomers who won’t allow jokes because “everything must be viewed through the lens of *my* politics”

(4432) Every year Chuck Norris selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun. 
Kills me. Everytime

(4433) Molly Weasley can make Chuck Norris eat his vegetables.

(4434) Chuck Norris does not go hunting. Hunting denotes the possibility of failure. Chuck Norris goes killing.

(4435) Chuck Norris doesn't tea bag he can only potato sack

(4436) Chuck Norris likes to gargle peanut butter

(4437) Push her towards Chuck...

(4438) Chuck Norris once punched a magician

(4439) Chuck Norris once punched a magician

(4440) "Chuck Norris". 

That's the joke.

(4441) Chuck Norris has a kitten…




Every night for a snack.

(4442) There is no chin behind Chuck Norris's beard... only another fist and, behind that fist, is a washed up homophobic conservative asshole.
